what did it come out ? 
so what &apos;s going on here ? 
can you see them ? 
this kind of form ? 
where does it come from ? 
i have feeling and reality . 
what could that mean ? 
but you know what ? 
what &apos;s the goal ? 
where do you feel that ? 
what &apos;s going on here ? 
where would that lead ? 
what &apos;s the purpose ? 
how do you do that ? 
how did this happen ? 
what do they look like ? 
see the idea ? 
what &apos;s your name ? 
did you hear it ? 
do you notice something ? 
what are they in ? 
why is this important ? 
you know why ? 
what do they eat ? 
they &apos;re live ! 
but can i ? 
what happened ? 
do they have it ? 
what do they do ? 
what does that mean ? 
can that vote ? 
what happens ? 
what are they most passionate about ? 
and they mix each other ! 
where is queen ? 
and what about sleep ? 
so what is openness ? 
is it going to effectively manage it ? 
so how much of this is there ? 
what are these ideas ? 
video games are not the reason . 
e : hatchi ! 
what does this tell us ? &quot; 
what &apos;s the formula . 
so what do we need to do ? 
and then there is . 
but how wrong is that ! 
sb : pardon ? 
i repeat that again . 
so what can we do ? 
how old is this material ? 
see him up there ? 
what about larger numbers ? 
plan and then what happens ? 
so why is this ? 
how about art ? 
are they going to move ? 
can you get it over there ? 
or maybe that big ? 
so what have we learned ? 
did you find the gold ? 
is it about art ? 
what are we talking about ? 
the next big challenge . 
what if god is in things ? 
and why are they similar ? 
and what would they do ? 
i &apos;m like , &quot; what ? &quot; 
do you want to have robert mugabe away ? 
my retirement was in it . 
you can build good sites . 
very quickly to the results . 
every planning made of gold . 
look at the scale of labor like this . 
and what did you do ? 
shouldn &apos;t that be amazing ? 
not jackie collins . 
you &apos;re going to beat up on the floor . 
computers ! what about computers ? 
&quot; what are you doing here ? 
can you put that together ? 
what shall i tell you about this ? 
and what are we going to do about it ? 
is this the other way around ? 
what &apos;s wrong with this picture ? 
how would you meet me ? 
does anybody know ? chi ? 
i said , &quot; why ? &quot; 
what would happen to our mind ? 
or try this . 
but how does this start ? 
i don &apos;t have the right answer . 
am i going to be bordered ? 
what has to be the first train ? 
what line indicates the number ? 
so what can we learn from this ? 
let &apos;s pause here for a second . 
fast-forward to just 10 years . 
that means zero waste of food . 
so the plan would look like this . 
what do we take from this experience ? 
paul collier : the bottom billion 
now why do i talk about cows ? 
what does this mean to us in the west ? 
but how can we improve the doctor ? 
but why is our situation so different ? 
all sculptures are mechanical . 
it &apos;s about 500 kilometers across . 
were they not terrible at school ? 
you get a simple audio clip . 
how are we going to feed this world ? 
what does all this mean to the economy ? 
don &apos;t you fall one of them ? 
some teachers are more successful than others . 
everything is in those circumstances . 
fundraising was not a good job . 
golan levin : art of software 
stacks of humus . 
how would i live the third act ? 
onicha : ezra ! 
my mother was administrators . 
what relationship is between love and desire ? 
there are many internal structures here . 
can we use light decenter ? 
what do we actually know about our ancestors ? 
your parents were peaceful people . 
so there had to be something interesting happening . 
so why don &apos;t we eat insects ? 
i even added stories of my grandmother . 
he also ended up in the pacific . 
paul bloom : the origin of joy 
but you need a little patience . 
i gave them six gcs questions . 
and why is it so difficult at the beginning ? 
what do we do for our livelihood ? 
all of our actions depends on calculating . 
what makes technology useful and applicable ? 
these are really related disciplines . 
i can look at their financial evidence . 
i can tell you two great stories about this . 
i love this obvious truth at theater . 
in fact , nice nature . 
turbo has never been fed . 
three more times we failed . 
basho was a brilliant human . 
so what can you actually learn to do ? 
this last project is also built parts . 
so you make a good cartoon . 
why are they so passionate ? &quot; 
remember the picture from the beginning ? 
kb : what did you feel ? 
js : self-sufficient . 
this is what we call the dollar road . 
there was only a little catch . 
can you imagine how small it is ? 
i said , &quot; what happened ? &quot; 
is it possible in your community ? 
nigeria has expected independence in 1960 . 
you &apos;ve cleaned up my room . 
let &apos;s look at these guys . 
and finally , this structure comes out . 
this day , i saw the ocean like this . 
we all talk to our fingertips . 
i &apos;d like to leave you with this last thought . 
we don &apos;t have a neutral word for it . 
ps : we see this pattern over and over again . 
i &apos;ve designed puzzles for the last 20 years . 
they called me anthony as a child . 
i want to end with a positive thought . 
there are a lot of people who are watching these videos . 
the percentage of the first replicator . 
twentieth century : a little over two percent . 
but a few good things came out of it . 
now we &apos;d like to introduce you to joey . 
this doesn &apos;t make any pictures -- none . &quot; 
scott &apos;s results were full of them . 
you see your botanical names in front of you . 
there are also some extra benefits . 
the stuff alone weighs two tons . 
so both objects have six symmetries . 
mathematicians answered that question . 
don &apos;t get me wrong . we need rules ! 
because they would have been extremely successful . 
it &apos;s called dr carlock in the movie . 
1860 , you talk about slavery . 
at the lunch sport with a friend . 
he was a really interesting look . 
my work became autobiographically . 
the call for raw data now ! 
sir david attenborough understood it . 
we take autoaccidents as granted . 
we basically need to redefine who experts are . 
who would do that kind of thing ? 
i &apos;ve come up with a very long time . 
they &apos;re also called mesh networks . 
i &apos;ll describe some options . 
but she was testable . 
it &apos;s all about foreign movies . 
another great example is fidelity . 
so i looked around furniture . 
you have to join a group together . 
you always make a triangular roof . 
good news : chariot &apos;s coming . 
we usually think of technology as interactive . 
i still meet with these people . 
what age did they start at school ? 
this was a mother &apos;s day gift . 
how should we really honor feynman ? 
it &apos;s a creepy monster . 
but it was just like this . 
now we can enjoy local food . 
the twins started giving milk . 
another shape is made for cancer . 
this is like a conference of failure . 
so i was modeling flying . 
within six weeks , every city was playing against each other . 
there &apos;s the first time the music labels are . 
it &apos;s different from shyness . 
it was commercially charged . 
what is a moral operating system ? 
i put a radical hypothesis . 
we have a automatic vehicle . 
i visited hearing losses . 
to this range , we are always kind of small . 
here you see the whole at high speed . 
their bodies are fundamentally different from our bodies . 
needless to take the first little step . 
they &apos;ve been around for about 7,000 years . 
in order to build this principle , you can build a whole industry . 
he was on his other arm . 
because they have 80 percent of the road . 
we said , &quot; can you build this ? &quot; 
co : you have my number from the news ? 
but maybe there &apos;s another benefit . 
this will have unintended consequences . 
sj : you &apos;re over a cup . 
medical conditions don &apos;t determine human circumstances . 
there &apos;s a problem with traditional scientific negotiations . 
so our body constantly regenerates . 
i had built my whole food myself . 
next , we have the healing lever . 
it &apos;s all about six billion dollars . 
however , they gave me a round of leadership . 
let me show you some objects . 
so he &apos;s got a hybrid drive . 
his mother had not visited elementary school . 
so you can maneuver like this . 
can you not be for anything or against something ? 
i &apos;m a five-generation writer . 
here are crab cutter in action . 
some of you might have seen this before . 
we need to use less to make more . 
intuitively , it &apos;s just another word for trust . 
now , he can cut through county-animal mapping . 
and they create habitat for our little friends ! 
lying has evolutionary meaning for our species . 
even if it can happen in some circumstances . 
without insects , there would be no flowering plants . 
so this is half their entire year . 
don &apos;t even know when i ever go back . 
he said , &quot; do you love your job ? &quot; 
these parts are printed with different materials . 
but maybe brainwashes are not always bad . 
some people call them the first programmer . 
so i write poem to find things . 
you &apos;re going to catch something , and start again from the front . 
coral goes back hundreds to thousands of years . 
they &apos;re going to meet milo for the first time . 
we took this animal autonomy . &quot; 
just congress can estimate that number . 
so i &apos;m quite pleased with all this . 
i want to share all my love with you ... 
red is under the oecd average . 
are you all going to love your students ? of course not . 
i want to talk today about a central idea . 
i still don &apos;t have guests . 
but below the surface , it looked very different . 
it turns out -- there &apos;s a pattern . 
like this picture , pursat looks like pursat . 
here i have two empty water bottles . 
mothers with hiv take care of mothers with hiv . 
how long did you stand in the position ? 
meanwhile , there was no scientific revolution somewhere else . 
about 20 percent of the adult population is infected . 
the identities are not autobiographically . 
so i tagged myself as a war kid . 
the justice system didn &apos;t work properly . 
we then moved from stratford to los angeles . 
it &apos;s this crushing experience on the internet . 
and i &apos;m picking kenya out here as an example . 
the third string is something very novel . 
it &apos;s pretty remote ground . 
so it &apos;s tested the viral rate . 
america could lead this next automotive revolution . 
he had a very bad paying job . 
now think about -- how does this happen ? 
robots touch something deeply human within us . 
this is how it can balance in a position . 
in fact , we &apos;re from cambodia . 
he had no more severe rival . 
a lot of prototypes are down -- a lot . 
this has nothing to do with automobiles at all . 
for a simple reason -- this is a big deal . 
this is true of european biofuel . 
now , i need a assistant . 
it triggered the competition into space . 
and how can we do that ? 
what &apos;s next ? next is human coming . 
on your head , you have a set of eyes . 
always my band or crew was on it . 
this link is clearly a tangible process . 
miracles are just very improbable events . 
the honey is not a sweet inne . 
we &apos;re not talking about harry potter here . 
it &apos;s a really unmanned institution . 
everybody &apos;s trained to work in camp . 
all of these works were shown in galleries . 
i had huge life-threatening injuries . 
now , you can apply this very same thinking here . 
it could have a different way of walking on it . 
dr : it wasn &apos;t an inclusive group . 
so what would some of the challenges we have ? 
here &apos;s our diameter experimenter . 
and these little red kittens are deaths . 
it seems like everybody jumps up on this trend . 
dh : tell them about our biography . 
we &apos;ve increased it to 3.6 million . 
two ? then they had to sit earlier . 
but you can still hear this weak call . 
now you &apos;ve all heard of insulin at least . 
because there is no market for post-trucks . 
they don &apos;t read about it every day in the newspapers . 
you have to either choose for option a or b . 
you have to develop an artificial foot for these conditions . 
this is a side effect of their regular surgery . 
this is like a well-spotted secret . 
these works and concepts are inspiring . 
a meme is not the same as an idea ! 
so the store was filled with kids every day . 
what does that have to do with automotive industry ? 
yr : i have a standard word . 
we need to fix our migration policy . 
you can summarize those in seven categories . 
kb : don &apos;t bother my concentration . 
but homestomach to singapore . 
why should we waste money to you ? &quot; 
they &apos;re 37 percent better sales . 
we have a long culture of shared use . 
i &apos;d like to show you another landscape picture . 
sam harris : science can answer moral questions 
so the cost of fraction is not our biggest problem . 
we &apos;re not designed for the 21st century . 
around us , there are millions of people with autism . 
one of them is rubbing masterpieces . 
these people often suffer from a form of schizophrenia . 
we can do more complex problems with computers . 
and that this unit connects everything together . 
my japanese students were working with chinese students . 
the third time you &apos;re just a technician . 
so this really changed my view of cancer . 
so in large and large , they store our survival . 
yet our ears tell us a very different story . 
i &apos;m the extreme exhaustion guy ? 
it was 23 tons for a single liter . 
right now , we have 11 spraying pairs . 
after i went to zero : 45 in bed . 
so why don &apos;t we hear about the world anymore ? 
i saw life as a long learning process . 
so if you could put the lights on here . 
and many of us here are highly involved . 
and we can play an incredibly constructive role . 
but the same is true of renewables . 
and what &apos;s the definition then ? &quot; the definition ? 
he was actually looking for contradiction . 
diamonds king . lg : ah ! 
for example , all facial masks are produced in china . 
he had a pump of iron . 
so my father had to work at age 14 . 
what would you learn from such an experience ? 
i &apos;ve made a fortune over to pixar . 
how can we change the relationship of children to eat ? 
you can immediately recognize them in their fantastic forms . 
you want to get more systematic transformations too . 
indigo enters protection from microbes . 
obviously , overall , it &apos;s a tremendous precedent . 
but 30 percent is not a constant examination . 
i grab the central paradox . 
almost no one comes out of love . 
frank gehry : &quot; what then ? &quot; 
dp : &quot; flight of bumblebee &quot; on this note . 
we &apos;re building on innovations of generations before us . 
second , don &apos;t reformer the ocean . 
all three founders of netscape have them . 
intent is like a fundamental component of humanity . 
now , i &apos;d like to show you something about positive motivation . 
wesley and the guy : 50 inches high . 
and first of all , i &apos;d like to practice whistles with you . 
interviewer : so about that ? oh yeah . 
some reasons for this are not very controversial . 
apparently , lucifer means light . 
they either wear yellow or black shirts . 
you have to repeat lesson 10 times a day . 
we still don &apos;t have a complete picture of it . 
this could be the biggest economic opportunity in the 21st century . 
the other 90 percent are driven by our lifestyle . 
that &apos;s about 43 percent of all pregnancies . 
now we actually have 18,000 people on this website . 
he proved it to us over a thousand years ago . 
a shuttle flight costs a billion dollars . 
first , i want to wear as early as possible . 
suddenly , from something improbable had become a reality . 
one of them i call mimaw &apos;s test . 
i &apos;m going to share with you the incident of the day . 
50 percent of the accidents are happening on crucipations . 
but i should say something else about what &apos;s going on . 
in 1968 , it covers almost asia . 
he tried it , and he fell in love with it . 
so i &apos;m going to spend a little bit of time at the end . 
even in the bbc and the new york times . 
one of these -- thank you for inviting . 
the molecule goes through and gets divorced . 
what can the redwoods teach us about ourselves ? 
my drawings also played a major conspiracy in the movie . 
he ended up with just a toy gun . 
this spacecraft can &apos;t use chemical rockets . 
and those two get almost ever-serious . 
go home to your husband -- what does he need ? 
i want to talk about something as fundamental as milk . 
number seven : crash with particle accelerator accident . 
my journey today to get here started in 1974 . 
i &apos;m going to read some comic strips . 
where do doctors skill start and where do they end ? 
dopamine is responsible for emotion of romantic love . 
because it &apos;s obviously incredibly scary . 
a military complains and deploys another military . 
underwater mountains are important for biodiversity . 
this was our high-frequency pan . 
there is no exchange of ideas between them . 
they &apos;re the way they &apos;re the communication services . 
but i have to tell you a funny story . 
we call this gravitational lending effect . 
the actual nature of reality was not about interest . 
but i would perhaps move 40 to 50 . 
and most of the things we eat -- they make sure . 
and if &quot; where do you come from ? &quot; 
this young man whistles organic vegetables . 
will humanity become a space-faring civilization ? 
it &apos;s only when people are connected to the box . 
angela blecher : creating batteries with nature 
we made them look pretty serious . 
you might have seen &quot; terminator &quot; too often . 
here you hear a little known fact about the two countries . 
i ask you , is that poverty occupation ? 
you have to see -- bible trainer . 
what the hell are we doing up there on the stage ? 
but you can also see tracks with other eyes . 
let &apos;s go close to a hong kong . 
shane warne is selling 45,000 dollars . 
they &apos;re a little revolutionary by doing what they do . 
we &apos;re great ! who &apos;s not great ? england ! &quot; 
this has given me a special relationship to the ocean . 
and they &apos;re all coming out of the cameras of u.s. soldiers . 
and pretty quickly the average price was in 192 dollars . 
this is cheryl ang from singapore . 
were these other people crazy , and we just didn &apos;t know ? 
let &apos;s take the last financial crisis after world war ii . 
this must have been a very unusual day for him . 
why that ? because fuel is not easy to replace . 
songs and dance held in indian cricket . 
i started them in 1980 with another family . 
these are mammals similar reptiles . 
i was faced with a series of completely new challenges . 
they certainly didn &apos;t have to talk to artists of origami . 
but sometimes they can learn a lot more useful things with it . 
we are realizing bigger car stunts today than ever . 
some economists also call it present biority . 
we know from surveys from china to the u.s . 
i &apos;ll get a call , and we &apos;ll go back to washington . 
digital mt : this is without the real card . 
is it one or another ? what is it ? 
so some people got the notes and five dollars . 
undreadable mental burdens hit us down . 
we can now do so many things with this . 
second , our new mantra is small is sexy . 
a second part of the brain is called the doralt river . 
and of course , bees are not the only important factor here . 
who can use the mosque on fridays ? &quot; 
and then later , we &apos;ll do work after tibet . 
we can also see this in this next picture very clearly . 
and he goes , &quot; don &apos;t you want to drive ? &quot; 
they &apos;re not really a represented people of poverty . 
traditionally , a boycott would be , right ? 
look at the comparison to the philippines today . 
so the hierarchy fits to two ideas . 
these caves act on the water like a magnet . 
humanity is completely in the technological age . 
we can use technology for transparency and many other things . 
they had to make venues at eight : 30 . 
on a total range of 91 meters . 
this is also very important for extrovert children . 
where are the different countries ? i can show you africa . 
here &apos;s another technology that reaches the critical price . 
esther duflo said a little bit about this . 
the universe can suddenly come out of nowhere . 
this announcement came out in the last few weeks . 
however , our grandchildren will be somehow affected by this . 
you &apos;re going to enter one after the other in these cars . 
so we should embrace our diversity and challenge . 
i &apos;ve come from a very grim place . 
we &apos;ve seen smallpox eradication . 
and then i said , &quot; why are i clapping ? &quot; 
this is also true of some remote ocean islands . 
when i make the next song in chicken ... 
finally , he stops the gangeous coupling . 
is this a lot going on in the golf course of the game ? 
it &apos;s a binary character . 
a few of my students designed logos . 
we started indes building two section . 
i &apos;m just going to sell it to every clinic in the world . 
we don &apos;t even use that tape anymore in the u.k . 
at this point , events began to cross . 
for example , what could i do with one dollar ? 
they &apos;re building a new kind of power power companies . 
so the entire hospital often walks only about a generator . 
and the monkeys in the forest actually looked quite happy . 
they need to attract pollinators that help them . 
kaki king rocks to pink noise . 
but my experiences with the islamic world are very different . 
and obviously , each of these letters is about the same frequency . 
people on okinawa ears their ancestor . 
your eyes are very happy with some color and motion already . 
we have to change this whole paradigm of thinking with kids and food . 
office buildings for personal work are already obsolete . 
can everyone see the cuddle at the end of the needle ? 
first , the west is rapidly losing its influence in the world . 
so we planted depressive patients electrodes . 
cl : now i &apos;m going to take a second . 
our partners all over africa are very enthusiastic . 
and according to fortune magazine , there &apos;s 700 million dollars . 
john underkoffler : the future of interface 
so what is the context of phoenix islands ? 
they don &apos;t need a lot of material goods to translation . 
of course , their grandparents and even their great-grandparents . 
and also in 50 other cities around the world , people have contributed . 
and these prizes are based on clean electrons . 
unfortunately , these horrible situations can repeat all . 
and the enthusiastic stories gave common experience . 
here you can see a picture of a tissue cut . 
first , let me prioritize the most important tools . 
and there &apos;s something almost magical in our visual information . 
we also found an unintended consequence . 
focus on haiti -- this is where we &apos;re highlighting . 
the pc viruses problem is now 25 years old . 
president obama and his team can &apos;t make it alone . 
we need better planning and systems for evacuation . 
how do we create stable societies ? longevity . 
an example of this is one laptop per child project . 
it lights the forest and makes the individual trees visible . 
california only produces seven percent of the carbon emissions in the united states . 
&quot; learn the lingua franca . &quot; 
julia bacha : notice nonviolence 
last march , then , hit us a very sad message . 
my artistic horizon is expanding continually . 
they take food habits right from the bible . 
so he designed this universe , and he let it run . 
would it make you something different ? 
it has been tremendously powerful for consumers . 
i remember very good at my childhood meals . 
can the lights be turned off for a second ? 
and i see my life as a sequence of experiments . 
but look at all the electrodes around . 
there is nothing bigger or elderly than the universe . 
yet the whole press is focused on this . 
i come from advertising and design industries . 
and in this gardening process , the microprocessor is coming . 
i &apos;m sure you &apos;re thinking , &quot; well , what a use . &quot; 
students wanted to know what level of development was the cell . 
and most of the losses have known us . 
80 to 90 percent of their time , they spent five things . 
it still kills two to three times as much women as men . 
90 percent of the funding came from thailand . 
but with najmuddin , you can &apos;t discuss . 
we made drawings of the fish and the showers . 
i grew up in the environment of many teachers . 
and it &apos;s a kind of waters for all seasons . 
this is philodendron selloum . 
and of course , in a lot of well-known cases , they are . 
and i thought , &quot; okay , what &apos;s the problem ? &quot; 
ed gavagan : a story of nodes and surgeons 
it &apos;s focused on the broadcast glider . 
it &apos;s like the old las vegas used to be . 
she was in this program called &quot; the simple life . &quot; 
it was a discussion class , and we had a discussion . 
so i &apos;d like to talk briefly about each of these three aspects . 
at every station of tour , we have amateurs speaking . 
it removes the euthanasia &apos;s oxygen supply . 
we had a whole series of unpassengers name for them . 
this is an unusual installation of airport seats . 
they also use the global nature of the internet to their advantage . 
so here we have the martian alphabet . 
now , why should this fetal learn from utility ? 
or maybe the big bang is not the beginning of the universe . 
&quot; maybe we can do half of them . &quot; 
finally , snow created a map of the outbreak . 
just do your job , and the girl will run you . 
and then i tried medical students . 
it goes from about 40 to 400 incarcerated people . 
nobody will notice those broken lines and the changes . 
at all , my tour was -- it was sort of an exciting time . 
but there are other hollow organs with more complexity . 
but i don &apos;t understand how it destroys magic . 
it &apos;s essential to learning and brain training . 
this is amanda using an arm of deka-research group . 
open comments : the new diamond shreddies . 
i can say it even though i &apos;m a college dropout . 
her father of king said , &quot; don &apos;t whistle ! &quot; 
i wanted to tell you something generative about behavioral economics . 
they could catch the flies and send them to perth . 
we were so much bigger than coca-cola today . 
the wolf finally is a very cooperative animal . 
and that &apos;s why my mother continues to live through many generations . 
what shall we do ? we stand in front of a dilemma . 
it &apos;s the fundamental controlling principle of enlightenment . 
in 2005 , 15 countries of the e.u. 
she goes up in the car -- she &apos;s sitting on two phone books . 
it comes from the ocean here , and it &apos;s moved to india . 
everybody in this house knows time only because of the smell . 
in 2009 , there were 500 bombs explosions in pakistan . 
it could be a change in the distribution of the plancton . 
we &apos;re designing the future of species on this planet . 
there &apos;s a group in china now called yeeyan . 
automotive retrofuturism is one of my specialities . 
ss : these are their symbols on the keyboard . 
but carl norden really cracked the code . 
let &apos;s try to read memories from connectome . 
for me and my community , this project was a huge success . 
patricia ryan : don &apos;t insist in english ! 
we would have no access to love or creative ability . 
i got hundreds of remixes -- very different approaches . 
palm is also -- especially early days -- great at this . 
other singers after sinatra even went one step further . 
but this action cost me at the end of the day almost 60 dollars . 
i started a project called &quot; six billion others . &quot; 
and finally , we cracked the code . 
what can we do together that we benefit from both of them ? &quot; 
as an american , you might have traveled to france . 
and that should also be the primary characteristics of a human . 
this is a real lightweight at seven pounds . 
and a year after treatment , his tumor came back with violence . 
but i anticipate we do it in the good sense . 
but even as a child , i could feel the burden in their hearts . 
and this third waterway is called &#91; unclear &#93; . 
coil proposal deposits my windows . 
this is lockery soil full of liquid methane . 
and that &apos;s what i &apos;d like to talk to you about today -- about cancer . 
when i was an american man , i immediately decided to start a council . 
so why don &apos;t we reach our rocks in the air ? 
she was one of the goals of ngo . 
i want to share the stage with somebody very special . 
maybe the r button is the control of co2 . 
mycorrhiza was only used in one of the fields . 
generally , we estimate these people very much more positive . &quot; 
todd kuiken : a prosthetic arm feels 
methane also starts out of the permafrost . 
because they live 13 miles further up in santa ana . 
we &apos;re seeing an increasingly denial of curriculum . 
the word utopie used thomas moore . 
here &apos;s qatar today , and there &apos;s bangladesh today . 
i want to point out on other extraordinary people in this picture . 
&quot; did he ever have an electric loser ? &quot; no . 
i could never offer my students at stanford . 
in the blue and green , the water is very cold . 
they should have better seek pepsis after the perfect pepsis . &quot; 
there are facebook revolutions and twitter revolutions . 
they want to borrow cyrus cylinders . 
after treatment , the child wins functionality . 
sopa stands for the &quot; stop online piracy act . &quot; 
so what happens to all these toxins when we die ? 
and i started getting more order into some flags . 
he kept himself a silent incoastal . 
two rows from this table with two billion loans . 
unfortunately , obesity is not just an american problem . 
bf : all right without a macarthur scholarship . 
but there was something interesting about the training process . 
lemn sissay : a child in state worry 
so i said , &quot; what was the lamanite ? &quot; 
the concept of comics is based on the noir stones . 
if we like this ability to accomplish true for all women all over the world . 
there are 10 billion steckdoses alone in north america . 
remember the terrorist attack in mumbai 2008 . 
the planning of the project was about 10 years . 
they are training them to rediscover their value . 
this is one -- the media has treated this very extensive . 
this is a hidden angle of the labor market . 
now she &apos;s -- for two years , you &apos;re in the treadmill sport ? 
it comes from our understanding of basic neurology . 
and so you see the creatures in your potential happiness . 
they are the longest successful order on this planet . 
because in the roots of the plant , it &apos;s not very effective . 
we were informed about the holocaust in the schools . 
early studies were focused on everything in the microscopy . 
in the same way , we can bend economic growth . 
and second , it &apos;s a fundamental procedure . 
edith widder : enlightening life in a world underwater 
but every staff of the factory spent some time in the art department . 
geoff mulgan : a little introduction to studio school 
here &apos;s another question of a naive advertising man . 
the rest of us is only about 54 percent accurate . 
the mission station is very rare in the animal kingdom . 
and then he went to north carolina , and he did it again . 
this is my contribution to the civil rights creature of my generation . 
we &apos;ve never seen anything close to it . &quot; 
and hiv is particularly linked to intercourse . 
the words of a banking member expresses this very nice . 
she &apos;d never made one out of previous material . 
denise herzing : could we speak the language of dolphins ? 
shortly , we &apos;ll hear a lot more about al gore . 
there are some examples of this system in the &apos; 80s . 
this is a world peace game . what about you ? 
a mouse has thousandtimes more neurons than a fly . 
diplomacy is the governing of the nations . 
on the right , i &apos;ve deformed a higher roughness . 
do anybody pay attention to what these guys actually do ? 
we also applied the same to the pink system . 
but this is the strangest place of all : war . 
you want a separate thing like the straw madapter . 
this was -- this is south of the southern polar circle . 
the same trash force is now feeding more than 30 families . 
the other one is this dancing energy filament . 
this happened in my childhood -- 1957 to 1965 . 
so , we can look at some variables . 
you ask him , &quot; are you following your passion here ? &quot; 
so for example , we would put models under an artificial sky . 
1939 , the broadcast broadcasting company of the united states presented tv . 
i asked her , &quot; where were you september 11th ? &quot; 
i had dinner with this guy named timothy chen . 
so within a generation , we try our cultural diversity . 
unaids finally have good data available to spread hiv . 
but uvb and particularly uva were obstacle . 
i urge everyone in the room to move on his chest like this . 
at least i could clean this wound and wash . &quot; 
the contract is this country is a nation that owns its own . 
i drew fun pictures of my teacher and woke them around . 
this is a little bit of support for leviathan-theory . 
how many of you love surprises ? say , &quot; yes . &quot; 
this is just a shrined representation of over 1,000 images . 
so we &apos;re trying to learn very simple things about basking sharks . 
despite all these commonalities , we see big differences in savings behaviors . 
but most importantly , more importantly than training or happiness -- is the heart . 
the desire side was not given to the content . 
the results he &apos;s carefully releasing in a heft . 
at the same time , he took education at d.school at stanford . 
now , obviously , the big question here is , how can we understand china ? 
apricoal containers like ears of cherubim . 
one is -- the most natural thing -- is that people want to know things . 
to my astonishment , i learned from them 100 percent of support . 
prince charles has some similarity with nicole kidman . 
it was a fusion and acquisition preparation . 
fear of disagreement , we shy away from these questions . 
in 1980 , we explained smallpox . 
and yet , he says , &quot; god heats my soul . &quot; 
so i &apos;m going to talk about some of the projects that these ideas have been tracking . 
rich nations have supported poor nations for 60 years with aid . 
so what theories do we want to attract to investigate it ? 
i was paying for repairs -- he was breaking again . 
and from the perspective of the future self , everything is reverse . 
canaries were used in mines as biosensors . 
he went back to the second floor and said , &quot; hey boys . 
we could talk the headquarters of boeing to help . 
okay ? you can see a list of wireless networks . 
and they say , &quot; stop protecting you . &quot; 
they were talking about science and about the need for a new scientific revolution . 
and why only more comuter ? we can just play with paper . 
and a small group of responsible people changed that bay . 
however , some people can do it -- circist and steel workers . 
this is sort of the tarcap bomber of the ocean . 
think about france and the current immigration debate . 
in asia , first , the society could develop before the economy evolved . 
but somehow the man also had a lot of space under the street . 
what happens to matter when you break it very fine ? 
would he need the same language , for example , a lawyer ? 
i &apos;m thinking about the great indian mathematician ramanujan . 
2,000 years later , we can explain the processes in our brain . 
most of the economic models work with the terms of lack and growth . 
but life expectancy in the united states is only 78 years . 
donnerstagabend of illegal drugs . 
it &apos;s a bunch of crazy pictographer notation . 
and here you can feel real compassion for them . 
it &apos;s six feet tall , and it weighs 72k . 
mildred is a factory worker in connecticut . 
there will be 30,000 new infected website proteins . 
it &apos;s quite wonderful about a nanotube . 
we are , in fact , in the worker of stardust . 
maybe we have to be serious about modus . 
for a long time , the human brain has been practicing a fascination on people . 
finally , i &apos;d like to show you some more effective through digital manufacturing . 
so we thought , &quot; we need to get a video out of it . &quot; 
through social media , rators were discriminated despite equal abilities . 
i photographed this sunman tubes in the village last week . 
so far , the united states has been the dominant feature of our world . 
the vertical elements are arranged one hour a day . 
a little bit further off of search , and here &apos;s our cybercriminals . 
but it was the moment that everything was fit and everything worked on . 
ak : well , i &apos;ve got the elbow going up and down . 
you can see us as a troublemaker and you can understand why . 
but i think we can also use their technology for healthy food . 
&quot; a glass of red wine a day could help prevent breast cancer . &quot; 
we can &apos;t keep expecting ourselves to do so much without expecting serious consequences . 
and we sent it out , and it came back postwend . 
whenever we talk about facts , some opinions have to be excluded . 
this is an astrolabe . it &apos;s not quite impressive ? 
it can be used to compute mathematical equations of all kinds . 
many websites , we can &apos;t read with jaws and the other technologies . 
by the way , half of budgets was available by other western nations . 
i have a little cuban mother -- she &apos;s about this big . 
&quot; my sister and i have always shared in choirs . 
in sweden we read it once , and then we went to the party . 
again , there is over to me and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing over and over again . 
and so we saw the shrink of malaria . 
even dead sick people were playing with them as they were . 
and it &apos;s only recently to see the equator . 
in 2008 , conservancies have generated 5.7 million dollars . 
and as i mentioned earlier , china hasn &apos;t left the u.s . 
the psychoanalyzing message has been out for about 80 years . 
emily levine : richard . what did i say ? 
how do we move from poverty and corruption to wealth with less corruption ? 
this is my kickstarter donor party in berlin . 
and that doesn &apos;t consider the co2 footprint yet . 
as a doctor , i &apos;m practicing at the latest technical level . 
life cannot afford to do that . how does life make things ? 
so we spend less than a dollar for lunch . okay ? 
what do you do when you have an interruption in the river ? 
how can you just be so braunned and have no wrinkles ? 
and then there are millions of roads in the world . 
but you can also find the same mood applied to people . 
it &apos;s the eaders of the ecosystem -- often empty aders . 
my family was traveling , and we were just at the grand canyon . 
if we look at security from economic perspective , it &apos;s a compromise . 
after about three days , bubbles are at the surface of the liquid . 
many of us work for someone ; we &apos;re in the hands of others . 
you can see the warteschlines that are formed down on the screen . 
in this comparison , democracy is very good at economic growth . 
we were on the edge of thousands of hectar cotton . 
now we &apos;re dreaming about 11 : 30 with 55 seconds . 
data : a few hunters from new jersey are out in the forest . 
now let &apos;s look at the situation in other spacecons of this building . 
it was the expectation of citizens that she wouldn &apos;t be censored . 
we &apos;ve increased temperature by exactly this amount of time in the last century . 
because of the white shark , we &apos;re often afraid of sharks . 
zainab salbi : women , war times and the dream of peace 
he said , &quot; you know where morocco is ? &quot; 
you can take the piano circuit from the pencil . 
for his brilliant effort , he was almost charged . 
what has changed since 1962 ? let &apos;s look at changes . 
this has done you very celebrity in iceland . what happened ? 
but these are basically shifting powers and lungs outside . 
it &apos;s totally confusing , and it can only be explained in a song . 
the chinese government responded with the mind and gave the rotations . 
i &apos;ve never shown the picture , and i &apos;m probably sued . 
my usual subject is , what do you mean by basics ? 
or maybe your weak , who doesn &apos;t believe in global warming . 
then it &apos;s sold and bought , and then it &apos;s delivered to me . 
so we moved from the industrial economy to the individual . 
they &apos;re working under instructions of teachers and everything in a big room . 
albert weighs me , &quot; put it on top . &quot; 
and the whole room filled with smoke within two seconds . 
voice : don &apos;t tell it or it doesn &apos;t do fulfillment . 
does he have a stirning coat ? is he wearing a glasses ? &quot; 
we can contribute to it as individuals and give us hearing . 
in business schools , this gender , specific difference is a problem . 
however , we &apos;re entering an increasingly dangerous section of our history . 
here &apos;s the decrease because of the spanish flu of 1918 . 
and the uphasis to accelerate efficiency vehicles . 
my own speciality is the combination of digital technology and magic . 
and this program gives us very strong emotions that cause suffering . 
it &apos;s called &quot; universe : unveiling our modern mythology . &quot; 
this episode led to my first psychiatric record in america . 
but this year , smallpox spread exploded in india . 
agriculture uses 70 percent of the fresh water benefits of the earth . 
it makes a lot of fun , and it finds in a well-visited neighborhood . 
the sandworms were okay , but they were more favorite actors ? 
becky blanton : the year i was homeless . 
let me first go into some geese buckets . 
it &apos;s the current pleasure in exchange for future pain . 
in the face of a large controversy , the initiative for women &apos;s health initiative . 
health care is another reason to consider reproduction . 
and herman miller has this philosophy of a place for people . 
and the animal hears a sound -- and a flash of light appears there . 
i &apos;m grateful for this price and i &apos;m going to use it for this purpose . 
so just the word &quot; invest in africa &quot; is unacceptable . 
mcluhan said , &quot; machines are extensions of human senses . &quot; 
it looked something like this in the packed state -- not particularly beautiful . 
you can &apos;t just -- &quot; well , we have this keyboard . &quot; 
modeling : on the right side , a complex processing model . 
beauty is not the same kindness and certainly not satisfaction . 
we can click on a click and take the picture to the center of the universe . 
why do you go from a a a to a f or b to a c ? 
the army has a state monopoly . 
in my view , these genes are not just the design components of evolution . 
the vertical axis shows thousands of dollars in today &apos;s prizes . 
i spoke to the president of sierra leone recently . 
and i said , &quot; what &apos;s the wall street blackbox ? &quot; 
and they inspired ian mcewan to a novelle . 
so with the movement of her legs , the color of her horizon is going to change . 
forrest north : the beginning of every collaboration begins with a conversation . 
a mysterious and agent sound disrupted their research . 
he lives there in a family house with eight brothers and sisters . 
he can use about 8,000 places in the restaurant over the year . 
how far does that go back ? how far does the history of modern languages go ? 
i said , &quot; could you do it here in place and place ? &quot; 
just a few things are in exchange for the band-tailed pigeon . 
they &apos;re braking lots of norms of standard conventions for the first time . 
these events led to a domino effect that hasn &apos;t stopped . 
and the beautiful bears , of course , can live again in the wild . 
the tectonic plates of global politics have been shifted . 
this man had just been killed from a death camp of hutu . 
sailing is half a mile long and a mile wide . 
otherwise , it can become pretty clear eastern . 
last , i &apos;ll talk about acidification of the ocean . 
we can write the script book for the next revolution in surgery . 
is it meaningful to participate in the existing space order ? 
the consumption or ownership of drugs is almost illegal in all countries . 
i even met one of them , and it was about the same size of me . 
zach kaplan : keith and i lead a research team . 
what about our resources ? how are we going to feed nine billion people ? 
it &apos;s the millennium development target with the largest rejection . 
the third noble truth is , ignorance can be copied . 
but why is the upper question so simple and the bottom so hard ? 
this is the ross landsockel in antarctica . 
and the hooks are up to 60 square miles . 
bacteria in there are the same sugars and turns them into acids . 
i was in a wheelchair ; i didn &apos;t look like a plunderer . 
we need to unleash ourselves , and then we &apos;ll save our country . &quot; 
they &apos;re also pretty promising and wealthy and all that kind of thing . 
there &apos;s a lot to celebrate here at ted and other places . 
i spoke to aung sun suu kyi a few days ago . 
the first half is performed by the singers here on stage . 
i &apos;m going to ignore their warnings and make a very specific prediction . 
what i can tell you about this is universal ; we all have it . 
a resulting effect of it is like a southern cultural explosion . 
benoit mandelbrot : fractals and the art of roughness 
a few weeks ago , kaesava got a little boy named rehan . 
researcher of emory university did a simple test test with children . 
this is a paper of redeladers and sheefers . 
first , is the middle east represented in the present and in the right correlation ? 
just 100 years after the death day of alfred nobel himself . 
plastics have overlapping diets about a low range of bandwidth . 
joachim de posaga : don &apos;t eat the marshmallow 
what are these ideas ? i think one of our ideological issues . 
there is no longer a 21st century romance in the 21st century . 
this has to do with the change of frequency to a moving source . 
this was on delta , 719 from new york to san francisco . 
a typical example was , &quot; sometimes it &apos;s necessary to lie . &quot; 
we treat these patients at this point in a rather untrained way . 
last year , i was invited to a game of nba all-stars . 
you shouldn &apos;t worry about me . dad doesn &apos;t have to work . 
if that &apos;s true , how good are we at the majority of our happiness ? 
patients with cochlear implants can &apos;t tell these two instruments . 
chef : didn &apos;t you know ? i &apos;ll explain it to you . 
so instead of a reductionist view , we &apos;re going to step back . 
i can share my journey into spoken word poetry in three steps . 
from the french writer michel tournier , there is a famous claim . 
attention is the basis of all higher cognitive and emotional abilities . 
this is panzeropoo in south-hamptons . this is . 
but einstein thought black holes were time life for a mathematical kuriosity . 
but in america , keules are a synonymous synonym for golf attacks . 
all the rest went to the top one percent of the income goats . 
we can see this very well in responses to the current financial crisis . 
a hospital of doctors without borders in a refugee camp . 
alberto was working on the pyrestone bock in spain . 
and if it comes out at the end of 138 dollars , what would it be ? 
how many of you feel comfortable calling yourself a leader ? 
it &apos;s part of a long-term part of nasa commissioned programs . 
except if you &apos;re visually impaired or blind , the process is underrupted . 
it was in the top five in 2005 , &quot; nine million bicycles . &quot; 
in today &apos;s operating rooms , we don &apos;t need daylight anymore . 
he has to find a friend and then hold his whole life to her . 
you know this phrase : &quot; he &apos;s the surgeon . &quot; 
it gives a sense of the different level of motivation and commitment . 
here &apos;s kareems &apos;s dark eye , and this is the white background . 
and maybe compassion is in the business of organs and widely distributed compassion . 
and with the people on interface , i &apos;m now a rescue plunderer . 
on the right , some tugs are a company called aethon in pittsburgh . 
my work led me to a lot of countries , and i showed myself a big part of the world . 
and he gave me a more polite version of the same explanation . 
now , to make it even more difficult , we &apos;re going to be the seven keules . 
and so i learned , and worked the biggest part of my 20-year in africa . 
each of them has just a few sentences -- 30 seconds for a summary . 
foreign fear wins meaning -- trade with women and girls . 
i think we &apos;re going to go from homo sapiens to homo evolutis . 
&quot; i was in prison for almost 30 years on an island in the middle of the ocean . 
as a chemist , i wanted to say , &quot; wait a minute . what &apos;s going on here ? 
the bbc first learned about twitter from the chinese earthquake . 
so here &apos;s a very exciting development that many people have not heard about . 
why ? are you too tired to get to the cheek ? 
so i went home and i designed a prototype for this hat . 
edith widder : the bizarre and wonderful world of bioluminescence 
rayan returned the situation and brought it down to my level . 
and we &apos;re working with an overwhelming urban deficit . 
when i grew up , i actually saw two different kinds of women extinct . 
you could be attacked in the arteries by white blood vessels . 
how do we imitate how trust is built on face to face ? 
so under the ice , there is a sea of liquid around the entire moon . 
joseph schumpeter called the process of creative destruction . 
and in the next two years , the study was done : 2001 02 . 
but this is a result of a carefully brand and business strategy . 
it comes from the family name of a shoe man &apos;s friends . 
so i thought , why not punish myself ? i &apos;m going to take japanese . 
skylar tibbits : can we create things that self-assemble ? 
in this particular case , a section of information design is going to be dedicated . 
for example , in the ticking of nanoparticles into a material . 
to my laptop , i have a more innicit connection than any piece of earth . 
and that makes it an extraordinary exciting place for studies . 
there &apos;s no quick woman on the planet , and there has never been one . 
in the real world , mathematics is not necessarily driven by mathematicians . 
maybe memory loss is so critical for our survival as human beings . 
but there &apos;s a fantastic way of doing this right now . 
and human resources are like raw materials ; they &apos;re often buried deep . 
people with low income spend a lot more than a thousand dollars on lottery . 
these are the building blocks of a whole new operating system for our business . 
i want to see fish ponds in parking lots and in barrels . 
and we used this equipment for a 90-meter dive . 
but with a lot of probability , there are two black holes in the universe . 
we can try new ideas in a way for all simpler ways . 
the denominator in the lives of the gymnsophist was infinity . 
can we do a little experiment ? would you be my orchestra for a second ? 
the last chapter of my book is called &quot; the gift of a good start . &quot; 
do you think the top is left hand or under the right hand ? 
m.c. escher used this in some of his wonderful prints . 
text : &quot; help ! i &apos;ve been waiting for over 20 minutes and nothing happens . &quot; 
basis of cellular membranes , phosphorus is phosphorus . 
my name is praveen manvi and thank you for this opportunity . 
epileptics sometimes need electrical activity in their brain surveillance . 
we can actually swim around with google earth and visit the humpback whales . 
and we saw on our right this big humburean glacier . 
our current reality is less interesting than the story we &apos;ll tell later about . 
he pulled people out of bars , and he saved these lives for the lord . 
so you can see , here we are in the united states and the dots appear red . 
he looks at me in wonder , and he says , &quot; no fuel ? &quot; 
it takes him after his estimate , &quot; three years of sunday . &quot; 
because , in my opinion , grand canyon is not the greatest miracle in the world . 
here you see the data of the world &apos;s development cators in the early 1990s . 
peter attia : what if our assumptions about diabetes were wrong ? 
is it a place where you can express infantile wishes ? 
the purpose is not to go and build a house and live there . 
an immensely reduced windshield increases that to 110 degrees . 
from a scientific perspective , all the mountain aciers will have disappeared in 100 years . 
the third meaning and the principle of openness is sharing . 
it &apos;s hardly bound to a kind of physical reality in our mind . 
and then we just make a family breakfast , or a common night food . 
we had new january temperature records in the last two days . 
they have a sense of big interfaces of their time and their little role in it . 
now , the treasury of hearing estimates has been highly developed in the last 200 years . 
all the subjects in the experiment were studying carnegie mellon . 
i said , &quot; how many of you are now more likely to go home than otherwise ? &quot; 
a few minutes ago , i was talking about all the campaigns that are emerging . 
&quot; because we are far from home , and we are very exhausted . &quot; 
this is steve wozniak . where does he learn how to deal with computers ? 
they don &apos;t want to share legal distinction between legal and illegal . 
the largest employer is the purdue-chicken factory . 
most of us have overwhelmed us for most of these abilities . 
there was one article written by ap on the tuesday network . 
and there was a six square robot called lemur back then . 
and we said , &quot; wonderful ! &quot; let &apos;s look at this beautiful structure . 
and it turns out that it &apos;s saving the private capital market . 
doctor seligman , what is the state of psychology today ? &quot; 
can you also cook a menu gras without foie gras that tastes delicious ? 
these are his hair . you have lots of figure-ground puzzles here . 
sometimes they just explode in front of your eyes or fall down with overall . 
these impairments directly the sustainability of the nation and this country . 
jonas eliasson : how do you solve the problem of traffic jams ? 
this became my favorite way to make any kind of memorable field on film . 
have our farmers transformed into high-tech , commercial actors ? 
people also respond to a loss more than they enjoy a profit . 
how did they come to prison -- it was just a few weeks ago , right ? 
the first two of them have just seen them in my talk with dr. batiuk . 
we want to spend time with old people and listen to their stories and write up . 
and i think that &apos;s good -- the future humanity has to make such a decision . 
so , have we all become one-eyed monkeys ? 
if we take the toothbrush -- i don &apos;t think of the toothbrush . 
and for me , these two roles disappeared in my book &quot; origins . &quot; 
what are we going to find if we can finally map life seriously ? 
and at the end of the day , we go to the chinese and we employ six volatiles with ducks . 
he thought for a long time . he was last 80 years at this hut . 
it &apos;s only been invested .2 percent of revenues in research and development . 
and in this whole area , they rarely breeded more than five kilometers of people . 
what complex and wonderful things can only create with one and a zero . 
so if that &apos;s right , why could we persuade only four of 151 people ? 
we used it in loyola for the capelle , and it didn &apos;t work . 
these things were changing greatly with globalization and liberalization . 
this is from my group of work -- a little less glamorous computer model . 
early detection and early intervention are the explanations for these successes . 
let &apos;s think , should we make everybody stay in there ? 
they weren &apos;t even aware of the intangible at the top of the pyramid . 
and in all these cases , we have to ask -- what is the more likely explanation ? 
but here &apos;s the key difference : lolcats have communal value . 
we call pors &amp; amp ; rao and we live and work in india . 
think about it . i &apos;m going to adopt a call three times different . 
in that moment , half a dozen other people immediately shaped a ring around these guys . 
so how can we start thinking differently about the borders in this area of the world ? 
the initials were programmed logic for automated teaching operations . 
i bought the hotel three months after vivivian started working there . 
so this is a little pump that you can pump a balloon . 
toes have become an origami meme , because everybody &apos;s doing it . 
my name is joseph and i &apos;m a member of parliament in kenya . 
so we met with dr. sono khangharani in pakistan . 
can i come and interview you about your special brain nanomalie ? &quot; 
i &apos;ve taken my scientific colleagues and professionals to sustainability in the prisons . 
people come around us and start asking , &quot; what are you doing ? &quot; 
as a national geographic photographer , i &apos;ve dreamed it for many ports . 
in education , we are far from a compromising openness . 
they took more calories over the course of a diverse meal . 
i talked to these people because they were all teaching in buenos aires . 
every year , 36,000 people die in the united states every season on the flu . 
remember ? george bush said , &quot; a nu-ke-lare . &quot; 
that &apos;s 20 percent of the household , and that &apos;s an unequal difficult topic . 
we sent 50,000 dvds to high school teachers in the u.s . 
but look at the number of selling viagra-recepts . 
he said , &quot; you can &apos;t estimate the power of this at all . &quot; 
two hours here , i think , is more harmless stunt . 
he showed up in the sky and said , &quot; look , look -- do you see that ? 
but unfortunately , it &apos;s a semi-diving boat using the drug cartels . 
the newspapers of malaria go to a few millions of infected per year . 
we are the smartest out there , why don &apos;t we get it in the row ? 
first , we have to address the problem of technical side . how big is it ? 
i &apos;m a principal teacher , and i want to tell you a story of my shoulder . 
the reality of this new machine age and economic change is always known . 
so i want to talk a little bit about each of these lives and what we know about them . 
so we take rapes and deaths as inevitable . 
i &apos;d like to start with a question : who is the blue problem a term ? 
it can weigh two tons -- and it &apos;s mostly jellyfish . 
so we said , &quot; we need a reward and a punishment . okay ? &quot; 
let me just summarize it to our business people in the audience in three fundamental rules . 
one of his favorite stories , for example , had to do with the revolutionary ethan allen . 
hc : so here we go into the future and make a big leap . 
and why does sex lead to babies , and why does babies mean a disaster in relationships ? 
near that , there was methane . i &apos;ve never seen methane volcanoes . 
you see the great inequality within china in the middle of the fast economic growth . 
you have smarter in classrooms but knives and fork ? no . 
and each of these spines is transmitting this poison into the central nevensystem . 
do you have bad apples while you answered my questioning ? 
the better news is , the future is almost already here , and the future is called tissue engineering . 
and once women came out of africa and said , &quot; this is it ! &quot; 
here you can see the largest part of the marine protected area of florida keys . 
it joined nine presidential candidates against lukashenko . 
every point in this pattern belongs to symmetry of this very complex and beautiful structure . 
we were haunted ; the newspaper was closed more than three times . 
estimates , over 13 billion dollars a year , africa loses about 13 billion dollars a year because of this disease . 
for the first time in history , more people live in urban areas than in rural areas . 
it &apos;s supposed to lead us to new ideas and new people and foreign perspectives . 
bl : &quot; can you help me , henry ? &quot; which good scientist says this ? 
because war was largely gallery guns all over the country . 
college graduates from mahatma gandhi &apos;s life and labor . 
it can feel its local environment and find resources in this environment to preserve itself . 
look at this top in 1966 for a guiding show . 
and on the right , you see cymatically created sheets . 
yakima canutt is my favorite hero and a real hero for me . 
another quick example of this kind of change is the rise of cynga . 
but they did it thanks to a common identity -- europe -- and a common economy . 
how do we discover the unique thing to a project that is as unique as a human being ? 
morgan hendry : &quot; commodity of safety &quot; is an instrumental rock band . 
they tap into local entrepreneurial talents , and they &apos;re doing incredible marketing . 
notice how few barriers there are between the oceans compared to land land . 
from the smallest air trap to the sheer forces of nature &apos;s storms . 
they &apos;ve all been in the holidays at a shopping mall , right ? 
my father said , &quot; that was number one , &quot; and i still didn &apos;t stop . 
wouldn &apos;t you also have the virgin that could use the virgin brand ? 
here &apos;s one of jessica green about microbial ecology of buildings . 
with human technology , we can monitor the quality of our bedroom cycles . 
according to the law , you have to spread an offer and so on and so forth . 
if everybody else could put their hand under the back , and they would sense his leg . 
so i &apos;m exuting something outside the mainstream of design thinking . 
this maternal mother had never allowed the west to come close to her granddaughter . 
every day , five to 10 tons per square mile in the cities . 
the rate of expected five year survival is below five percent . 
but that feeling of confusion is essential in contemporary art . 
two sugar pills per day kills a sugar pill per day . 
these are not schizophrenic people , but they show deviations from the groundness . 
but not all the patients on the waiting list for donor organs have so much luck . 
and what does this example show -- what &apos;s important to keep us in mind ? 
this is not the creation of wealth -- this is the distribution of wealth . 
it &apos;s not evidence of freedom , but it &apos;s on earth &apos;s insignificant details . 
number two : regardless of the end result alone makes us happy . 
and in some cases , they &apos;re tweeting out of non-public meetings with the president . 
and our younger generation will transform this country as they are transformed themselves . 
and we also have biologists and ecologists have never done anything so complex yet . 
the mother is in spiritual traditions , the sensory of all altruism for human beings . 
maxime recognizes herself &quot; has been around since the ancient greeks . 
what does it feel like when someone takes your art and does so much with it ? 
and in the case of our gut flora , these cells may not even be human . 
instead of using electric motors and electric ventilators , we use pressure air . 
now the moment that we should laugh about ourselves before others can laugh with us . 
can anyone give it or is it just something for companies and filmmakers ? 
on the highway , it &apos;s bad enough , how is it going to get up there ? &quot; 
and i said , &quot; why don &apos;t you just stimulate the clitoris of the pig ? 
these kinds of ideas have no real credit -- that they can &apos;t trust the scientists . 
mikey brett -- craig -- leo zem joaquin and i . 
it looks like a dr. seuss comic book -- all sorts of species . 
this trust is essential to any kind of theatralics . 
so i get the first of the two main themes of &quot; half the sky . &quot; 
we need new antivirals and cocktails . we need new vaccines . 
sw : you &apos;re very special . what would you like to say to all these nice people ? 
we look at savings rates , and it &apos;s been decreasing for the 1950s . 
some of those lawyers were successful . they were making their clients new negotiations . 
the survivors that come through produce this world full of crocodiles similar creatures . 
the so-called clawhammer style , he had learned from his mother and grandmother . 
and then i swap them out with the students , and i put them back on the lap . 
and the question he has is , &quot; can i do it ? is it possible ? &quot; 
&quot; second-class raddrive &quot; barclays &quot; is sleeping with you . 
he didn &apos;t write &quot; little red laptop &quot; or &quot; little red dirt devil . &quot; 
and sometimes , different amounts can be over different times or different people or different days . 
and the whole mind and attitude of these schools is very different from normal public schools . 
so i was probably not supposed to be done because of the length of my runway . 
and amy winehouse said , &quot; nelson mandela and i have a lot in common . 
this is what the ad looked like around the world ; germany changed it a little bit . 
so for the experiment , i have to intervene into the brain and engineer oxytocin directly . 
or should we respect his privacy , protect his dignity and leave him alone ? 
we can just make them &quot; helicopters . &quot; and is that okay ? 
as you can imagine , this is not particularly popular among fourth-graders . 
in land , new ways : bones of heatbones were growing first , later teeth . 
my country relies on its security through military bundances . all right . 
first of all , they ask a big question : &quot; why are we doing this ? what is our goal ? &quot; 
the toilets there are literally holes in the ground , covered by a breeding bud . 
this environment is creating unexpected potential for days in kanzi and panbanisha . 
a few years ago , gateway tv with flat screens on the market . 
it &apos;s the physical construction improvements and materials and experiences for teachers and students . 
there were a lot of physical applications , why it was not a good conversation . 
so i began to look for evidence of productivity by connectivity . 
as a juvenile , they live in swarms and become too gigantic individuals . 
he developed his social and moral compass in the harbor in the &apos; 90s . 
96 percent of college students say they have hyper-social skills . 
why should it care ? bone marrow is a rich source of adult stem cells . 
this was a serious and scary thing for a young child . 
we also go back to a very old form of equality in marriage . 
why don &apos;t you consulting your government in your diplomatic issues ? &quot; 
so what would happen if you could get your fuel to a tenth of price ? 
aha , this is isaac on a vietnamese walker . 
i was hanging them across the chair at the office of the doctor &apos;s office . 
there was a natural selection of evolution of slightly pigmented skin . 
taylor wilson : jap , i built a nuclear fusion reactor . 
what are the implications of saving lives and on the availability of organs ? 
after he had a long time in the snow , he stood up and found back to the camp . 
just last year we did this with a group of teenagers , and it worked best . 
can you imagine having your dollars in front of your eyes and not the typical india ? 
and of course , others with more sophisticated ways have also checked poverty and education and more . 
i have problems with changing honor equation , i = / t2 . 
this is a model of how language evolves , because through the rules of an academy . 
so today , i &apos;d like to give you my personal view of this censorship in the last few years . 
we &apos;re not talking about 50,000 dollars here or 100,000 dollars here or a million dollars there . 
we can now anticipate the cover of the newspaper and get the bulletin right away . 
and now we can maybe get back to the more important question that i started at the beginning . 
the stock boys were collected by all over the country and sold and traded . 
especially when they &apos;re on their head , they &apos;re using their general face software here . 
but what about the child on the left or the athletes leaving the playground ? 
you look at the office in them , and it creates a kind of interacting between these parts . 
and because it &apos;s a protein stored in the dna of the organism . 
i started to commute in kobe , and i met with the vietnamese verge . 
then we asked them , &quot; how much would you pay for george clooney &apos;s sweater ? &quot; 
for example , in galileo , he had two problems if he looked at saturn . 
and so in 2004 , we were trained to do promptions of benjamin . 
it &apos;s linked to the power of other evidence against you and the statistical evidence . 
you give her a brief push with the elbow and you rush to the finish line . 
it &apos;s not only been killed , but it &apos;s monitored every potential for creating future life . 
i have parents &apos; childhood problems , or my parents &apos; problems . 
what does it cost to do a classroom at 0.4 seconds after time ? 
because of a blackout , half of the city of dark , and i lived on the dark side . 
but despite this emerging joy and freedom , people &apos;s reaction changed to me . 
in china , 1858 , the victory of british troops was at the opium war . 
classic . hip fractures often lead to the instruction of a senior . 
in the second strope , the line comes the wind and waves obey it . 
and so both sides of gender specialty are increasing their standards of each other . 
this was seen as the first evidence that black holes actually emerge from supernova explosions . 
it &apos;s not particularly designed for more than a century of engineering . 
my title : &quot; queerer than we can suppose : the alien of science . &quot; 
if he were to tell you , &quot; i &apos;m a collector , and i &apos;m a museum of cooperations . &quot; 
and how many soldiers have you recruited to fight this war with you ? 
if i can ask an indiscrete question : how many of you have tattoos ? 
in order to change the state , you need only two volts of a millisecond impulse . 
but he was so afraid of conflict until he finally got more afraid of silence . 
and i said , &quot; remember college and how wild and stupid we were ? &quot; 
we know that there was a lenape-seal down here at the collect pond . 
10,000 square kilometers , tens of thousands of islands like jewelen across the southern sea . 
because at the moment , institutions constrained their data with copyright restrictions and so on . 
all of us have this remarkable brain that we put in a nice way -- hardly understood . 
ss : aimee and i thought -- hello aimee . aimee mullins : hi . 
but here &apos;s a poem from yeats . i just want to read the last two lines . 
and one day i explored this vending gas that was a few roads farther . 
the state of the united nations went to god , &quot; when will our international institutions work ? &quot; 
our source data here is actual fmri data that visualizes visually and acoustic data . 
people killed their loved ones to believe they killed a cheating . 
but deng xiaoping &apos;s minds instinctively give people a choice . 
but we take care of the hardest cases and we restore the others for the next day . 
not only about his genetics and molecular biology , but on the hard end of the scale . 
and i would pay only 9,50 dollars -- even under a hundred dollars . 
so it &apos;s easy to see this tumor in the upper part of this breast with lots of fat tissue . 
they learn to bend the course that releases their own endogeny opiates . 
four different habitats seem to be similar , but they have very different pollen signs . 
of course , these round magnets , i can expand , to shape any equal . 
or it &apos;s bigger : what is the meaning of dark matter in the spread of the universe ? 
this was a pretty radical technology and a radical approach -- but it worked prima . 
musicians have played a three-dimensional visualization of weather data like this . 
want to keep it going forever , because it creates people like me a workplace . 
where we &apos;re talking about dinosaurs , sharks are actually the same fish as 300 million years ago . 
you know , it &apos;s after economic strength , measured by gdp . 
but in galaxies , rabid goes and things are blown out of orbit . 
you know how to vaccinate , you know how to distribute bed nets . 
these are some recent projects that have not even been launched officially . 
rezero holds its balance by computing its angle angle with a sensor . 
stars will create new goldilocks that will generate two new vibrations . 
this is also on twitter . you get an unborn flow of information . 
this system wants to keep the status quo , to keep the status quo of an invasive government . 
the prosthesis was made , and it started with the real physical rehabilitation . 
when i was used to this place , he also felt like a playground . 
over the years , i started to feel increasingly uncomfortable with this notion of god . 
california has one of the highest rates of prison in all 50 states . 
but i was less interested in the whiskey sale than lots more on the protein sale . 
climate change makeptics argues that the sun is the main cause of climate change . 
just the parasite egg is introduced to the beetles of aphilaus . 
these two pictures show clothes in guangdong province and india . 
meanwhile , let me close the first part of my show with something more difficult . 
in 1995 , we found three . now we &apos;re about 80 -- we &apos;re finding two to three a month . 
the problem is , without technicians , without replacement parts , these donations quickly become waste . 
in this particular culisse , the costumes were like actor or living sculptures . 
you know , our brain is two-thirds percent of our weight , but in fact , 25 percent of all the energy . 
so they wanted to do a digital version of a stuntman , and we &apos;ve been working on it for the last few months . 
people have to decide for themselves and act on their own , no matter what other people want , or guess . 
at 13 years old , i had a job in a clothing shop where i had clothes . 
since the launch of the website in february , we had 640,000 students from 190 countries . 
there &apos;s no bullet coming in and quantum wraps , and i don &apos;t really understand something about it . 
this is about 10 dollars of additional hardware if you already have a nintendo wii . 
the lesson that we learn from this is that you don &apos;t have a spirit to be more useless . 
this is cis-3-hexanol . it smells like stolen grass . 
so who is god , if not the big strip goat or tribal truck ? 
this was just my thing -- i said we need something to think about people &apos;s heads . 
but why is there this strange slope and hostility to consciousness ? 
other students are perhaps interested in finishing materials that they want to engage with . 
what you can see here is beautiful the louis vuitton cup pokal . 
we did a recent estimation of the first 18 months of our aspirations in rwanda . 
and i thought , because over 40 , i started thinking , &quot; why don &apos;t i do anything ? 
if you go from 0.1 to 0.2 , it becomes the end of tickliger . 
but because there are very few other deadly diseases , we can really attribute this mortality to hiv . 
i photographed this . put me on my sledges and made a video entry . 
they say , &quot; mr. doktor , my phantom limb is paralyzed . 
now , there could be extreme dynamics that were just not used in some of the other musicians . 
should our enemies talk to death , and we will fight them with their own confuse . 
by 1900 , three percent of americans practiced professions that were cognitively demanding . 
from here , it &apos;s about 30 feet to the summit . 
you have regulation ; information is being tried transcripts ; catalysts are created ; things happen . 
they &apos;ve lost consciousness in the end , through damage to the red part of the brain stem . 
forgery was painted about this , and it suffered under a severe melting case . 
communication walls are -- i don &apos;t have to tell you that -- constrained with the internet . 
users have collected tens of thousands of dollars on twitter within days and for different opportunities . 
there is the revolution of markets in the 1980s and the vast majority of inequality in the societies . 
we took 50 years to reach an annual savings rate of almost 10 percent . 50 years . 
fortunately , we live in a breathtaking biomedical advancement in time . 
60,000 species are known to science , but their existence is estimated at more than 1.5 million . 
every time i breathe a million-billion-billion-billion-billion-dollar oxygen . 
some of the best newspapers and developments in this world are often emerging in the interface of two fields . 
so they wanted to have a role model -- public opinion is a very good role to punish it . 
&quot; spanish chef accused ... &quot; -- and the french accused him . 
apparently he had lost an eye in the fight , so he &apos;s also being put in the profile . 
this is 1988 . we bombed two iranian oil platforms this year . 
an antibody staining like this can be used to understand these kinds of questions . 
what you see is the movement of north america over a 24-hour apartment . 
but there &apos;s also a boylight , because you can also enjoy the suffering of others . 
and next , you see the long-lived mutants when he &apos;s young . 
and here are the results of this wonderful project , it &apos;s &quot; the system in venezuela . &quot; 
well , as you know , you have it as an iranian american , you have it to do with your very own difficulties . 
the system is also smart enough to calculate the safest way to use the car . 
here &apos;s a collection site for bottles on a remote island off the coast of california . 
information can be sent to this mechanism in a very short period over a half a kilometer . 
more than ever before , it &apos;s ideas of these kinds of economic growth . 
so we &apos;re living at the age of rising income inequality , especially at the top . 
it turns out that something is more than 94 percent of life on earth aquatic . 
they even gave out an e-card , so you could send a dancing splashy to his friend . 
and when i say &quot; matrix , &quot; i literally mean the matrix from the movie &quot; matrix . &quot; 
the food pyramid is made half of the people who have the connection to the agricultural industry . 
how many have ever put themselves behind the tax of a car , even though you shouldn &apos;t have the best driving . 
and all of a sudden , everybody was standing next to me and said , &quot; have you ever done some cow tips ? &quot; 
most of it is lost today , and technology is saving faster than we &apos;re installing it so far . 
in fact , this and every other galaxy appears to be locked into a cloud of the invisible dark matter . 
and then we put it in an oven-like device , and this is how we can make this structure and figure it out . 
three : hne in the outlayer of the bow arm maximizes the stored energy . 
its biggest obstacle was actually the market that demands bribe foie gras today . 
they give me their fast 15- or 30-second intro , my attention . 
so we analyzed the babies with a technology that we use everywhere and the sounds of each language . 
the therapies are going to improve faster than the remaining manages of the therapies . 
with the mit media lab , we &apos;ve been involved in an area called active music for quite a while . 
every region has something to offer , and so a competition respects the states and the federalism . 
i want to give you an example of solcherlei irrationality and talk to you about worship . 
in humans in these pictures , the main reason their false conviction was a false identification . 
a single female can put up to 100 eggs in the play , up to 500 in her life . 
connecting him to love with a -- he &apos;s one with a -- he &apos;s the goosestrian . 
so the electromagnetic and weak nuclear forces are described by this pattern in two-dimensional space . 
and these pulsnoises , and capita head-to-capita behaviors , they put them in fight . 
but i &apos;m going to confined myself in the beginning of the process to three very pedantic statements . 
careful : patent injuries defined by mobile phones as non-stationary computers . 
the black rock is the sediment on the sea floor in the absence of plankton . 
wilde dogs rissen a few sheep , but the thylacine got off . 
after four months of rainfall , it goes in and now it &apos;s eight months of dry time . 
all the key information about life is being accessible to anyone in question , no matter where in the world . 
this is the first test in the free , and each of the leaves is now looking individually at the best angle . 
the u.s. academy research guidelines of science or research councils . 
and last under &quot; harmony , &quot; they had this 10th century mandala from tibet . 
this happened in the netherlands in the 1990s during the classic pigment . 
traumatic events can seem to include our ability to live a life with less remorse . 
you could say , &quot; well , this kind of surgery is just cosmetic nature . &quot; 
finally , there was a population of students who have personally been orchestrated by a tutor . 
at this point , the project had adopted a viral dimension that was completely beyond our imagination . 
they consume more cocabulary than any other population group , a half pounds per person every day . 
the internet is the first medium of history that provides natural support for groups and conversations at the same time . 
it happened in an area called wellawatta , a first-class neighborhood in colombo . 
but that &apos;s the greatest wealth range from one group to another in human history . 
and farther down to 100 dignity , they &apos;re going to make civile nuclear power , which they &apos;re also going to do as a target . 
and the material triggered the body to turn its heat response back , which he didn &apos;t do before . 
so they asked her parents to go to the street and assemble them and bring them home . 
if we &apos;re traveling out in the abroad , we can even recognize our co-canadians in this way . 
i &apos;m sure you all know , this has led to major conflicts between agriculture and environmental protections . 
you have to know , it &apos;s now taken about one out of two tablets of every arznei . 
your organs , somebody else has probably got to do with how much your society is worth , how connected it is . 
so there are two ways : intelligent design , right and indirectly -- god or my friend . 
finally , he &apos;s served 18 and a half years of conviction for rape and robust for 80 years . 
and whoever tells you he didn &apos;t hide anything about it for a long enough time . 
i was very worried about carrying this device &#91; in the brain scanner &#93; over my face . 
these angabs are right out of my contoction , and all the infos are the same . 
500 years ago , sailors began to become reliable , and we found a new continent . 
it &apos;s caused by rapid production of toxic cassava roots in a famine . 
but a great company for alternative energy from paris takes us out of the electricity net with solar power . 
when i finished my notes , the oil price was 140 dollars per barrel . 
i can &apos;t remember ever asking myself a doctor , &quot; where have you used to ? &quot; 
but let &apos;s look at the work of goldman sachs -- the famous bc report . 
he waits for three days , and then we got his so-called &quot; egmobil &quot; out . 
there &apos;s certainly a common tenor , out of all these cracks , to make a moment . 
do you want an uncomplaining taste experience ? then the only way up . 
in frog , you can search for shopping information , and bloggers can publish things . 
tiny economic details : in italy , are counted points for traffic logs backwards . 
it sounds a bit like a self-articulated book , but it &apos;s actually a new kind of lying . 
because of the bears , she was absolutely not worried , but before lawyers , she was terrified . 
if i lie on the deathbed , i will remember one story more than any other . 
hungrige and injured people signal their disagreements , signalized their helpity . 
you have to put the kid under blue lights -- bright blue lights on as much skin as possible . 
and here we &apos;ve broken up the 500 apartments into little neighborhoods and differentiated these neighborhoods . 
i &apos;m not listening to the jeweled car of the time , at least not as many times before . 
all it takes is a supernova explosion removed a few light years , and we &apos;re all dead ! 
this gay lifestyle is really creepy . he &apos;s super-evil , and he doesn &apos;t take any end ! 
52 million people die every year for natural reasons , and then afterwards , 52 destroyed . 
i love supplements . you can see a lot of other fish in the day . 
even in the wealthiest countries in the world , life expectancies have collapsed up to 20 years . 
so a really happy person then held 10 balloons and a really unfortunate soul a balloon . 
you also need state ownership to build and extend the infrastructures . 
in this way , we could pay a few hundred dollars for these tools , and have an incredible diversity of components . 
a kilogram today has the same amount of calories like 10 hotdogs or six big macs . 
first of all , a third of a turn against the clock point , and then a reflection on the x-axis . 
i &apos;m going to show you a funny application that we &apos;re working on with our friends of flickr . 
in ontario , taiga is moving south to the upper sea coast . 
and then i say , &quot; well yeah . &quot; and you say , &quot; so are you kind of religious ? &quot; 
so in new york subway , i saw a link between the driving in the subway and reading it . 
and so the last few years , coastal areas found that they were working on labor . 
in this folder , there are 17,000 pictures -- over 20 gigabits of data -- and they &apos;re getting more and more . 
what &apos;s interesting is that the spines on the back of the dracorex grew very quickly . 
the electrolyte is not a water salt solution , but rather melting salt . 
after two months , i came back and the children marched up and said , &quot; we didn &apos;t understand anything . &quot; 
i &apos;m the oranges caiser . i &apos;m the oranges caiser . &quot; 
we can militarize societies and give the resources to reservoire trusting security instead . 
but after a while , i just decided to go back and put the color back into the doses . 
and of course , a retailing mat for the kidney that you can spread in the workforce . 
but i have to tell you -- everybody always asks , &quot; what happened to babypavian ? &quot; 
this graffiti artist came along , improved the sign a little bit , and then went to his gosh . 
and i explained to him , &quot; it &apos;s a dark night and a crow sits on a branch . &quot; 
but you &apos;ll need eight graders algebra , and we &apos;ll do serious experiments . 
if you &apos;re on your mother-in-law , you &apos;d probably rather be on the left . 
if it &apos;s just a symptom of a much larger problem , the top of the newly word iceberg ? 
and in the technical record , none of it was . so it was an extremely difficult document for us . 
so about 10,000 years ago at the black sea , we had a mutation in a gene that produced blue eyes . 
when people have these simple geometric hallucinations , the primary visual cortex is active . 
mrs. alisch urged himself in the queue and said , &quot; i taught him to read ! &quot; 
but not even in his wildest dreams , lincoln could have imagined how far it would be . 
england introduced the 20-overplay and said , &quot; the world has to play t20 cricket . &quot; 
dp : he played &quot; chopsticks . &quot; ao : and he played &quot; chopsticks . &quot; 
then i was talking to a doctor who was a friend , and i asked him how well i could do it . 
and at the end , i had a nose out of plastic , teeth of porzellan , and all sorts of other things . 
i found two trees -- but not any trees , trees with character -- and then a very long rope . 
in the american core country , you can remove maximum miles from a well-defined road . 
and as you can see , i actually made a museum sign with a short story of the dodo . 
so this little ant crawls here , it &apos;s like a small welry country . 
and the worst is the numbers on the bottom , because about 10 photos per photographer is a lie . 
there are also children who are born without poor , called &quot; native limbs . &quot; 
together with gasoline , and it &apos;s 112,000 dollars per year just for this sign in both directions . 
the first one is to plan a lot more systematic in the metropolitan scale . 
but it turns out that regret feels terrible in four very specific and confusing ways . 
but how does that come ? because the lung interface is basically a very undefined thing . 
i &apos;d like to share with you a story that is about an innovation called drive-irrigation . 
so i &apos;m going to use this &quot; pancreatic type &quot; for the visit of art galleries . 
i used a microscopic fraction of a diamond to actually cut the actual foundations . 
if you read this prayer , it sounds incredibly selfish and selfish centric . 
yes , this person went in retirement with 150 percent of the income of his work during retirement . 
the study of the medical institute is that the masks can &apos;t be returned . 
the teachers at school had no real fun , in sports , it was very dirty or painful . 
generally , they tend to say , &quot; why should we care about what happens at police ? 
the next 34 percent are their early majority , their late majority , their offspring . 
now we have these models -- fight as war , arguing as an argument and arguing . 
and so all of us can be happy at least see a shift from coal and oil to natural gas . 
according to public health agency , a full third of all born after 2,000 babies of diabetes . 
so he made two bridges -- this is what happened on the fax , and he went over weeks . 
he wrote the scholars at the pariser academy , and he tried to present his theory to them . 
to paraphrase chavez , if social change starts , it can &apos;t stop . 
i would say that sub-saharan africa has beaten best compared to the last 50 years . 
so the head said to his engineer , &quot; find a way to make this train easier . &quot; 
and if people are able to make themselves useful , they &apos;re also going to think they &apos;re going to be using themselves . 
maybe by doing that , you can solve the phantom pain , the convulsion in the phantom limb . 
another benefit of wi-fi yesterday , we heard something about the benefits of wi-fi . 
so we have no democracy , but it depends on both the lesters and the people . 
ak : if you go to the website johnnycashproject.com , you &apos;ll see the video up . 
&quot; the eldorado of united states of america : the discovery of uncredible goldmines in california . 
this is a very accurate representation , and it &apos;s at a rate rate of the original process in your body . 
my team and i have reviewed pictures like this and thought about the other results of cassini . 
but we want to say the world : no . we &apos;re going to stay under a shared flag of yemeni . 
but in a small colony , the ant is going to hit less food foragers simply because there &apos;s fewer . 
when i stood there in the grass , it was hot to hear insects -- just whispering grass . 
and it describes how the count -- everything that she said is because of the bottom-up fruit . 
i put up my face , and i buried my face in the hands , and i left the girlless scream out . 
we want to encourage people to look for a way to extract carbon from the earth &apos;s atmosphere . 
and that &apos;s what we did for thousands of neurons , built digital models for all different types of neurons that we met . 
i was arrested with these mammals early , and spent 16 months in a russian prison . 
we hold 25 digits at the time -- all of them trained professionals from the united states , canada or u.k . 
and this allows us to fully figure out who works well and try to figure out what techniques it is . 
people at aerovironment tried 300 or more wing designs , 12 different forms of avionics . 
even news about sexual violence , men get overwhelming majority of pressure and time . 
he &apos;s killed 2,000 high-fives this day , and he knew his hands before , and then he didn &apos;t get sick . 
the euro was a very young currency at the time , and provided good business conditions , of course , for investors . 
and we can no longer make the dictionary the icon of language -- we can make it the whole language . 
i &apos;m going to end with this song -- a song -- because we &apos;re all children at the table of the eternal mother . 
the production line of these little guys down there is kind of enough to preserve these biomass contracts . 
but it wasn &apos;t just us . even in the muslim world , his definition was picked up by jihad . 
i know a lot of people who are very smart and still say , &quot; why can &apos;t i solve my problem ? &quot; 
we have art students who take old radio parts and use a melting to make new stuff out of it . 
today , industrial systems of time have spent brunels and have actually become part of the current problem . 
the wonder of this information : how can we have this biological mechanism in our body to really see this information ? 
and what we see in africa is an unequal threat of human dignity and equality . 
and if you look through it , you can get a look at the idea of a cyber-illuonists . 
here &apos;s a female female walking out of the sea in the moon of trinidad . 
i compared mind-wandering in front of a toy machine that you don &apos;t want to play on . 
and from this field train , we &apos;re likely to get some dozen articles about a few dozen processes or molecules . 
the government of britain -- every government is potentially the world &apos;s worst customer you can just imagine . 
so for example , this is where we finally get to look at newton &apos;s gravitational law , about 300 years ago . 
and in my first three years , when the ministry of finance , they made 360 million dollars a year . 
we kill with landglone from good , and we like to get 80 miles on which all the few meters of heads are hanging . 
&quot; listen , i &apos;m going back to moore nixe . can you call me again later ? 
so you can create a glorified picture of a car , but not a glorified picture of traffic . 
so my mother said , &quot; you &apos;re driving away with the bus a half hours a day from where we live . &quot; 
because without correlation , they &apos;re nonetheless . 500 billion for this cycle , 20 billion for this war . 
my uncle ed gave me a beautiful blue sweater -- at least i thought it was very beautiful . 
this was a great experience for him . he was staying awake all night and dancing and drilling with them . 
and he said , &quot; oh my god , my phantom is moving again . i can &apos;t believe it ! 
but because of my confused mental constitution , i quickly ended up with the self-help books . 
everything in everything , it was a completely sensory exchange of money that i was going to regret . 
there are social areas within the airplane that you could transform into a place where you can play virtual golf . 
and he successfully managed to organize 68 lawyers who systematically adopted cases . 
now , if you think that , &quot; american idol &quot; was a certain amount of american . 
she found that many of these stories tend to blame the victims and to devote their lives . 
if there were the discipline of mars in the olympics , my grandmother would voluntary . 
what brought me back to the list -- you know , just to see what i actually like about my job . 
and i summarize : the rat was introduced to the paralysis section of the spinal cord . 
this allows us to embrace the ocean creatures we can be happy to estimate them . 
everybody &apos;s currently talking about measures , a reduction of waste to force any price . 
and as answers the question , which is , above all , asked by soils and lands , why is biological control ? 
you serve yourself in your own body building , the force force force force force force force , just like a pendulum . 
you see it using the original device on the left after eight months of use , on the right side of two months . 
they needed almost 50 million years to learn how to build a abalone shell . 
in fact , it &apos;s the size of western europe , but it &apos;s only about 500 kilometers of piloted roads . 
we become dictators with a remote control and start criticizing people on tv . 
in 2002 , a group of therapy activists met to discuss early development of the airplane . 
and if i move my hand , i can burst the balloons , or i can move the beetle . 
i did my teaching at a pure , and i learned about sensus , right-legally and aagright . 
this is known as the &quot; theme building . &quot; this is a name for still very mysterious reasons . 
with a monitor , he could inform people , or perform them in fun ways . 
even studies of cooperation show that cooperation between individuals makes the reward centers in the brain light up . 
for example , there &apos;s french chinese food where frogs are served with salt and pepper . 
&quot; maniac has recurrated his memory when the power fell out . &quot; machine or human ? &quot; 
the murmurmule of the city solves on a windmill whose eighth force i don &apos;t feel . 
she has saved two of the production lines , and she has saved enough money to pay a payment to her house . 
statistically , there is no difference in how often the neanderthals match one or another african . 
everything that was there was mike &apos;s hard lemonade , which contains five percent alcohol . 
building skills for the young generation is going to lead to a better generation , and a better future for africa . 
in our reserve , it came from a reserve that was east from us on their route . 
and so we designed products , and we analyzed all the chemicals in the parts per million . 
&quot; all shook up &quot; literally , &quot; which is a wonderful song . 
there were 40 of those tubes now ; this is like a 40-motor would drive the memory . 
the density of matter is finally , and maybe we can describe a consistent set of equations to the whole process . 
in breathing , we produce carbon dioxide , and this carbon dioxide has to be filtered out of the system . 
between the perception of the patient and the physicians in terms of the best possible medical care is a real contradiction . 
every year , half a million people die of an entirely preventable disease : malaria . 6,000 people die every day . 
did you know that in iraq and afghanistan there were more private entrepreneurs on the ground than u.s. military fighters ? 
so fungi and mycelium do carbon dioxide in the form of calciumox alates . 
so we found that chimpanzees worry about the welfare of others -- especially when they &apos;re members of their group . 
with a gps system and a camera in the car , it &apos;s pretty accurate to where and how fast i &apos;m driving . 
and then one day it happened : he and his family were arrested and placed in a death cell at the donau . 
by the way , even there was no doubt that the wheel is beautiful for the peaceans . 
the camera doesn &apos;t just understand my movements , but it &apos;s also capable of understanding what i &apos;m holding in my hand . 
it &apos;s a rained election day in a small country -- it could be my country , but it could also be its country . 
now , the code may be complicated encrypted , but the voting with this line is not complicated at all . 
we &apos;ve developed together because we depend on the pollination of bees , and they also deliver us a commodity . 
whoever this man is , and whatever he has done , this is certainly a cruel and unusual punishment . 
to give an example , between 2001 and 2002 , ethiopian maisfarmers were doing two years ago . 
if this lymph node has cancer , this woman would get the adjacent lymph nodes away . 
i &apos;ve shown you how many boats it takes to get one of these guys . 
i was proven to be in a nervous clinic , and in a nervous clinic , everybody has their own one-man show . 
remember , i speak japanese and i know javascript with javascript , and that &apos;s okay . 
we tend to group education based on similarities , and then we create clich about other groups of people . 
digestition -- hopefully with drew or concrete , or a basement -- and time , they &apos;ll save . 
so it &apos;s to me which chimps resemble us in certain aspects of their behavior . 
so i proposed to my first tedtalk that , as a planet , we should spend 21 billion hours a week playing video games . 
he called four great world-torchester , and the fifth one was venezuela youth symphony orchestra . 
even hours later , the ocean was miles late with pieces of wood -- all of this was coming from the slums &apos; houses . 
if we can face the next 150 years , i think our great-great-grandchildren malthus will be completely forgotten . 
because if that was the case , they would collapse below the gravitational force to a giant black hole . 
so we have to ask ourselves , if there is a multiverse , do there exist in another fragment of this multiverse organism ? 
the laparoscopy allows this kind of surgery to do with long instruments through small incisions . 
right ? so you can go online and contribute ideas to what the region might look like in 2020 . 
this is filippino lippis portrait of the sacred apollonia of 1543 . 
when i started parikrma , i started changing the world with a large portion of arrogance . 
and i started out because i had no idea what my grandfather had banned everything for mist . 
darwin said , &quot; i &apos;ve never been an atheist in the sense that i &apos;m arguing the existence of god . 
and he said , &quot; these differences don &apos;t match the differences in the climate . &quot; 
estimationally , we have reached something more than half of our digit , zero footprint . 
this building can turn into a flat building in short time into a flat building so it can be avoided . 
i was in the science museum when the tornado broke down and played with the tornado pattern . 
in the american midwest , farmers were grain of cheese and they were sending the river up to chicago . 
for the conscious forces , it &apos;s relative that a piece of paper is money or a lot of buildings is a university . 
but as a vagina warrior , she just kept committing to consciousness . and she kept committing to change . 
we also use gps -- geographical , whatever gps means -- to control the movement radius of chimpanzees . 
the one day , this one here , and then the next day , they shifted him to there , and after that , they move it back . 
i mean , the fourth and fifth category is short ; it &apos;s innovation , competition and social investment . 
all right ? one thing about art : art is discovery and art is to discover itself through its art . right ? 
the political climate in the united states was aimed at the time , and there were serious immigration debates . 
so you can get eight , 10 minutes of weightlessness -- so nasa has been training its astronauts for a long time . 
one part of dna goes to one side , and the other side gets the dna equivalent -- both of these are identical copies . 
so if we can be as good as breast cancer and give women a new mission , we have a lot of lives . 
but i see something deeply tranforming in seeing death as a social process , not just as biological . 
we found activity in a tiny small factory near the brain stem called the ventral tegmentum . 
the tensions between the two families reach back to 1913 , when there was a local political power relationship . 
now , i &apos;m going to take you to a 16 minute journey around 72 percent of the planet , so all of you fast . 
i felt very comfortable in the gymnasium , so i decided to do anything to get education . 
it &apos;s called hutchinson gilford progeria . it &apos;s the worst form of precaution . 
and he grabs my arm and he grabs the translator under a bush and says , &quot; look . &quot; 
so i took a job in united nations food progament to address these security aspects of food insurance . 
now we have skin pigmentation of one of these wonderful products of evolution that have still consequences now . 
i was 19 -- i don &apos;t know anymore -- birth , and i was born with my parents in this country as a result of the cuban revolution . 
well , we &apos;re all jazz musicians , and we don &apos;t have a particularly good relationship with business . 
long-distance run wasn &apos;t just good for my well-being , but also helped me meditate and big dreams . 
so the question is : is this chemical phenomenon universal , or is it something that depends on the planet alone ? 
but we knew , anyway , we needed the right person to put us in there and build something for it . 
we should look at how society and culture are in this socially cultural regulation . 
because my hobes are actually just the same thing as a new research project that i started in life . 
so , i &apos;m gene tso &apos;s chicken , and this logo allesadens over the karma . 
we continue to work on sound signals that neutralize things like snips and noise of automobiles . 
i woke up in a hospital where i recovered from an emergency falliation . 
countries with good pisa are predicting differences in differentiated pedagogy ways . 
you look at the video with adapted graphics , and the graphics form the depth and compassment direction . 
in the end , the virus may not defeat to humanity anymore and finds others . 
then james watson &apos;s genome was sequenced -- one of the founders of dna -- for two million dollars , and only two months . 
in the pig here , the zero line was before we block it to the simulation of a heart attack . 
but i think from a neanderthal &apos;s point of view , it would have been against our tiny pets , lots of contradiction . 
i &apos;m here in the long run , and i &apos;d be very honored and curious when they were compelling to me on this journey . 
if you come to copenhagen , you &apos;ll see an installation of the chinese artist ai weiwei . 
we are the ones who left the 2d replicator out of the box , and we can &apos;t do it reverse . 
september 11th made a sense of interest , it should be put down on ground zero , and i &apos;m absolutely against it . 
the mushroom flame in me was still a flower , just like she lowered in each of us . 
in our hometown , we trained half a dozen residents to apply these internet-based instruments . 
markets have changed until the last 20 years to the infinity , but only for organizations at the top of the economy . 
who profits a profit ? is there any juvenile for what the local community needs to be earned ? 
and what happened is , because they could sometimes afford it , and sometimes not , i was thrown out as good as every half-year . 
i really believe in the old troman line that if you give americans the facts they &apos;re going to do the right thing . 
it distracts attention ; it &apos;s very emotional ; it makes a look like a sculpture does sometimes . 
public responsibility has to be promoted by transparency and independent test by ngos and international organizations . 
so we built very sophisticated radio antennas , just looking for both walls after an aviation . 
: erzaehler : deep in a remote region of cameroon , two hunters follow their prey . 
prostate cancer is up to 60 percent of men after surgery on incontinent and erection problems . 
why ? because i have to think about how i &apos;m going to rain or &quot; it &apos;s raining soon . &quot; 
now what you smelled is a combination -- i asked how many molecules were inside there , and nobody could tell me . 
all our oceans vain from the surface , and since the heat rises , our whole planet will melt . 
we don &apos;t need problems anymore , we don &apos;t need problems anymore to wake up problems ! all wake up . street sperre ! 
in the next decade , science and humanities are getting closer together to find answers to profound questions . 
and at eight , they promoted him to a boat in odessa , and they shipped him to israel . 
he &apos;s a 78 year-old farmer -- how do you say it ? -- hurt in the back . 
we need an organization like nasa for ocean exploration , because we have to protect our life support systems here on earth and explore . 
notice that technology is changing at an amazing rate , and that 250,000 different programs are changing very quickly . 
he was developed by some researchers at dartmouth medical school , lisa black and steven woloshin . 
then you have to potentially give rise to ridiculity , &quot; this is a crazy idea that never works ! &quot; 
and mikey can move his fingers the silence from right to left and from up to the other hand . 
they didn &apos;t like their image . even after a dive , they still didn &apos;t like it . why ? 
i mean , can you imagine ? e.t. phone at home , and i &apos;m not there ? that would be terrible ! 
he attached to my laptop in less than five minutes to the computer system of a large brazilian bank . 
we use the submarine alvin and cameras , and these cameras have developed bill lange with sony . 
if you look at it in the dictionary , &quot; hunt &quot; is actually frequently defined as &quot; an enemy . &quot; 
i &apos;m just going to take a picture of it , and i &apos;m going to upload it on facebook with something like &quot; israelis for peace . &quot; 
we basically made a digital marionette that brad pitt could emphasize his own face . 
it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s in the jungle of singapore or in the tundra northern finland . 
it &apos;s about creating minimum means something that can &apos;t be repeated , and can &apos;t simulate in any other sphere . 
and so they invented the scientific journal as a way to synchronize the discussions across the entire community of science . 
like so many fanatic beliefs in america , these ideas go back to old puritanic faith patterns . 
it &apos;s characterized by feeling of energetic focus , complete composition and success . 
you can imagine that in 2000 synchronized youtube videos , the repeatedly is just crumful . 
they did an expert to do with genetics and the front and the backwards of animals . 
this very fundamental shift in my physical process helped me change my view in terms of glaciers . 
the exports fell strong in the early &apos; 90s -- and that fits pretty much with the decline of new hiv infections . 
in seattle , we take them -- this is a whole human brain imaging -- and put them in here -- just a better intersection machine . 
curtis cooper , we know that the largest prime number two ^ 57 is 161 . 
and despite our best efforts and intentions , children will always find the most dangerous thing , whatever environment they are . 
abc , in professional circles , called the t &amp; amp ; a net -- it &apos;s not too much jargon or not ? 
so they walk in the forest or on a meadow , and they see an ant climbing up a blade of grass . 
is london a dense birmingham , which is a scaled brighton , etc . ? 
but abed didn &apos;t slow down , and this copy broke my neck back , and i stayed back with my anger . 
you know , sitting here , our brain uses about 20 percent of the body &apos;s energy budget for only two percent of our body &apos;s weight . 
that meant that if we really do our things well -- it could be used very quickly around the world . 
the main danger disappears at the beginning of the opera and the whole stage becomes the main character . it &apos;s going to legacy . 
and so i used to be in a beauty salon , and i tried to choose between very lightweight nuances of pink . 
the struggle for authenticity and definition will never end until it &apos;s connected to its creator -- with you and with me . 
so we &apos;ve darkened the sun with a board and then shifted it to a mirror to another spot . 
if you choose this shape , i promise you , you &apos;ll be the 800-pound gorilla in the forest . 
bharti tries to detect this everyday cliche by sort of blowing it up and reinterpreting it . 
so we wanted to make a more robust briquette that could mimic the coal in the market of haiti . 
in that fourth hour , everything you have to do -- and i &apos;m serious about five miles away from the explosion . 
european governments have not known their responsibility largely , and there &apos;s nothing to do with taxes and pressure . 
if this nation doesn &apos;t get a bit of a fundamental representation , or does it a national goal , nothing will happen in the direction . 
but in the sargasso sea , not only sargassum algae , but also plastic from the entire region . 
and it was inspired by this quote by douglas adams , and the situation is &quot; by halfway through the galaxy . &quot; 
the reason these micro-entrepreneurs can sell and profit is because they can sell every single dose in their hand-and-globe . 
a trachoma is an eye infection caused by drew in the eye to be permanent blindness . 
and this unchanging behavior -- which is wired and programmed , and usually ends with a meal -- changes . 
i actually proposed -- there &apos;s a scientist at the university of alabama who studies orgasm . 
but then my mother said to me , &quot; i &apos;ve heard you ride around and talk about psychopathic killers . 
it &apos;s the path path that tells us the simple road through an impenetrable moral thickian . 
i want to compensate -- it &apos;s perhaps controversial -- that open government isn &apos;t trying to make government transparent . 
but this team of interdisciplinary , high-skeptical and talented scientists agree in two points . 
the lesson from brians &apos;s talk is kind of -- all these amazing pictures -- really this : the point of view determines everything you see . 
if this virus was already in thousands of individuals at this point , why did we use the virus until 1984 to detect the virus ? 
the future of life , and where the encryption of our biology -- make light a bright ! i don &apos;t have a slides . 
the system measures the flight of the radiant and records how long the light takes to hit a surface and go back to the surface . 
the transformational gurus has always wired us up in the last few years , &quot; war goes faster , cheaper , efficient . &quot; 
and this may be a little crazy , but this vast tendency to spontaneous order has sometimes unexpected consequences . 
i think revolution is a radical and divergent change in thinking and behavior -- how we think and how we behave . 
there was a table like this carpet , and the harbor was there , and i was there and my people . 
rachel naomi remen is a better doctor because of her lifelong struggle with the crog disease . 
and i could talk about it all day -- ask my wife -- but i want to get to something else that &apos;s kind of more interesting . 
but he &apos;s fooled it too well , and now he &apos;s stuck in broadmoor and nobody believes he &apos;s in mind . 
remember the story of odysseus and sires from high school , or junior high school ? 
it speeds up the speed of which the body heals itself with the clinically relevant scale of time . 
now there &apos;s a good reason for believing that they want to be able to distinguish external from internal processes . 
when i looked at one of these typical letters , i let him walk through my simplification lab . he was completely unintelligible . 
but &quot; sympathetic magic &quot; takes me to a page with visual magic and voodoopuppes . 
this is institutionalized at the end of the cycle , which is likely to end these products on a garbage kip like this in manila . 
for example , masers were responsible for four million deaths -- that was recently , 1990 -- and now the number is under 400,000 . 
and there &apos;s a lot of evidence that neural activity is encrypted our thoughts and feelings and our mental experience . 
we had to hide it from our designer until she assumed the job , and then she &apos;s almost screaming out . 
he didn &apos;t want one of his friends to be arrested , so he hired everyone with this false volunteer . 
you &apos;ve probably seen the videos of the humpback whale that we had one month ago or two before county wexford . 
most of the time we were in institutions , and so the stanford prison experiment is a study of institutions on individual behavior . 
when numbers come -- well , they &apos;re embarrassing the jars and the sickness away . 
and so our species succeeded throughout the world , sitting in the rest of the animals in the zoo behind guitar . 
marco tempest : when you asked him for deception , he said , &quot; mad : magic is the only honest profession . &quot; 
now , the american copyright law and patent law has moved to this notion that we &apos;re building on the plants of others . 
julie taymor : spider-man , the king of lions and life at the edge of the creative abgrass . 
and yet , it is this energy and this force of architecture that has driven a whole social and political space that these buildings occupy . 
this little slide here shows you an optical , and the little blue person represents about 10,000 people , and that &apos;s the relationship in the u.k . 
you roll a ball and you pick up as many objects as possible , in a limited period of time , and hopefully it will become a planet . 
they wanted to make him look -- i wanted to stop her until i submitted the report and saw the superman report . 
the goal of maze , of course , is to leave the water and get to the little platform that &apos;s below the top opening . 
the fact is , if we don &apos;t know if we &apos;re doing good at all , we &apos;re not better than the medicines and the flowers in the middle ages . 
the neurologist looked at my weekly line and said , &quot; why don &apos;t you try to accept your limitation ? &quot; 
i started kanchi because my company should be as hot as my elephant . disabilities are like an elephant in the room . 
let me summarize this again : the brain processed information with 100,000 times less energy than we can currently do this with our computer technology . 
the amazing answer to this question -- according to the experiments -- was that the room is expanding faster than a few billion years ago . 
perhaps one of the archeologists is famous as they are found somewhere in the mountains of north america , huge versions of these symbols . 
one came to the other , and eventually i had a desk on ? what if ! in new york , when i started independent diplomat . 
and once upon a time , she saw a tank that underwent the main street of sarajevo and shot everything out of his path . 
nasa supported this work 12 years ago as part of the hayden planetarium that we can share with the world . 
but will it be just the super-rich access , those who can afford it ? are we moving to a new eugenic ? 
luckily , because we can put two electrodes in their palms and measure the change of the skin twitter through the transspiration . 
in every imaginable way of variing spaghetti sauce , he varied spaghetti sauce . 
we tend to use resources by extracting them , we turn them into short-lived products , and then we defeat them . 
and one day , i told myself , &quot; my future doesn &apos;t look rosy , but i wish a rosy future for my son . &quot; 
and then the man just said , &quot; well , when did you get out of my pants ? &apos; &quot; and i said , &quot; yes . &quot; 
so this became the final central question for me : how many neurons have the human brain and other animals compared to other animals ? 
in biomimicry guild , my consulting society , we &apos;re working with the architectural office hok architects . 
that means that human development and not secular appearance is the key to empowering women at the changing of the middle east . 
but electricity also spreads itself in every direction -- the way of the smallest resistance , where this waste is partly coming from . 
it was initiated by erik winfree , and this method can process rocks from a hundredth of the size of a dna origami . 
one of my preferred tasks in my work at gates foundation is that i visit deviation countries and it &apos;s very often . 
now , the same mouse gets 80 parts per million hydrogen sulfide in this rough line , and look at what happens to its temperature . 
so we decided to redefine charity , and we need to redefine the way the activity of these people is , how do we do that ? 
in my childhood in tasmania , it was always very exciting to see a tasmanian devil in the wild . 
ph : the relationship between the tv industry and the business of it has been deteriorating since the 30th birthday both . 
ariel : i came to the bord of the king ship , and i sealed &#91; ... &#93; every cavuses shredded . 
so light is , of course , important for social interaction -- for the development of friendships with all belonging , surrounding aspects . 
here &apos;s another good article about a new campaign against the privatization of passenger roads without any contact information to campaign . 
when he studied the diversity of people , he said , &quot; there seems to be us in every single sub-species or categories . &quot; 
when he comes to nine : 30 in the morning , the parkett of the american stock market is time for him quiet . until the conclusion of him . 
j well , because this is what makes the true status of things to contribute to the examples of arab governments , the true human rights stories of these governments . 
research in africa is also much easier to do because of the spread of poverty , endemics and lack of health . 
and i and my colleagues kind of aron and lucy brown and some other have 37 totally loved people up into mri scanner . 
inka-sculptures are considered damage in british museums , while shakespeare is translated into any important language of the earth . 
i &apos;ve given a lot of speeches in germany and france and other parts of the world . in 105 countries , i &apos;ve already allowed to talk to you . 
they realize that redwoods can transport humidity from the air into their tribes , and perhaps be able to transport them down into their roots . 
in the last century , the combination of liberal democracy and private capitalism has helped united states and the western world to grow rapidly . 
it wasn &apos;t until the 14th century an italian painter recognized the lap as a greek temple , pollinated with meat and stuff . 
72 percent of whales have these scars , but most people can &apos;t get free from the hummer and crab . 
they were looking for untapped places , and that was the first line of north and south , mostly the cables to africa . 
and you &apos;ll feel -- believe it or not -- separate from the instrument and the stick , even though i really hold the stick very hard . 
and then you can make it easy , and you can make an indulgence now , where we &apos;ve distributed a kilo lentils for every vaccine . 
second , the government had ignored all the alternatives to war , which was a more scary thing in some ways . 
the spectrum of this viewing came from the globe to the profound , from the banals to the entertaining . 
once again , this is years ago -- i saw a meeting between ted kennedy and dan quayle in the staircase of the senate . 
it &apos;s the rest -- the little brown box -- which is quite fascinating , because the rest of your laptop is devoted to itself . 
and they do it every year by sending reproduction ants -- these are those wings -- to a mating flight . 
within nine years , we multipled that 1.982 times , and we took 10 million dollars from expenditure . 
i was continuing to study crafts , and work with artists , working next with grapplers . 
in these numbers , we found a very counterintuitive trend , and let &apos;s look at the first statistic here : overwhelming probability . 
and the world certainly doesn &apos;t need to grow and reproduce the largest toxic congestion that continue to threaten the communities of strain . 
the next feature of consciousness is that it doesn &apos;t interact causal in our behavior . 
there was a lot of courage for those defenders to decide that they were going to fight and support each other in the implementation of these laws . 
the british physicists john tyndal , in the 1850s , had lab measurements on infrared radiation , so heat . 
the g8 summit suggests a solution to africa &apos;s problems with massive increase in aid , something like the marshall plan . 
so i tried to take the version of the engineer : can we build a mechanical system of inorganic materials that will do the same thing ? 
we &apos;ve done this with the big races of turtles -- turtles , and we &apos;ve done four million hits . 
i know , for example , a 14-year-old girl in the netherlands , who &apos;s on a boat with himself to sail the world . 
and then three sets later , we got this little beauty : &quot; we went back to the blair house to see the speech one last time . 
the tahltan demand the direction of a tribal reserve , which is the largest protected area in british columbia . 
the angabs become its physical state as a male on its profession , but the rest of angabs are the important ones here . 
i &apos;m going to channel the medium that this music is going to be channeled through and during this process -- if everything is true -- the music is transformed and i &apos;m also . 
so you can use equally much care and technology to make a hamburger , like a much culinary dish . 
so if you go to 23andme , or if you go to councilofdads.com , you can click on a link . 
and because many people watch mythbusters and csi , i thought , let &apos;s take a recipe for ballistic gelatine . 
these changes in humans , in less than one millionth of the earth &apos;s decreased history , seemingly uncontrolled speed ? 
so i challenge a new professional term -- i &apos;ll come back to that later -- and maybe the recording of a new word into the english language . 
in fact , creativity emerges -- i understand the process of having original ideas of meaning -- very often through interaction with different ways of looking at a thing . 
okay , maybe it had something to do with the patterns on the little paper fires -- you know , for example , it was a diamond or diagonal . 
and the idea that you can see things in it , and the future can predict -- or a tv set , a kind of magical box that can appear in anything . 
it can flush the mud off mountain tops and hills down to the flat country , think about it for a second . 
elizabeth : this man has murdered a coin of the queen , and she &apos;s borrowed himself with no king permission . 
why would you do this ? why would you -- this is like taking a step away from answering one of these email from nigeria . isn &apos;t it like this ? 
today we enter a multi-polar world , and coordination is going to be much more complicated , and we &apos;ve seen it with copenhagen , by the way . 
my mother , in a way , responded to his mother , who apparently apparently had their bills on all the alternative lifestyle-stuff . 
audience : the organisms on this planet have developed an immune system that fights disease so that individuals live long enough to restore themselves . 
when the 10 years old , 1927 , she published her first treadmill tape called &quot; the janitor boy &apos;s &quot; cover . 
you could just hang it up as begging sheets , but again , calculating all of physics , you get this aerodynamic shape . 
through human change , climate change -- we don &apos;t stop it -- we could eradicate it in the next five decades a quarter of the other living species . 
if you gave me a boeing 747 , i would make it six megawatts of what was more than the biggest wind turbines today . 
and if you look at this , if you look at this -- the bad ones are not centering at individual galaxies . 
so motts is doing something in the mri , probably he &apos;s doing this with his right hand , because the left half is active in the motor cortex . 
so they made this web service , and they said , &quot; every programmer can write software and access it to the spirit of thousands of people . &quot; 
we were advising with the media on canopy issues ; we have a canopy newtter ; we have maillists . 
as soon as they recovered from the shock , they decided to be 70 to 95 percent or three to 20-percent brands . 
that this old man was supposed to interrupt his month-apparatedly with his favorite , right to the purpose of making fun of a child . 
in europe alone , the number of people will increase over 65 to 2050 by 70 percent , and the number of people over 80 percent are even 170 percent . 
go one step further , you get to the farmers who sometimes throw away a third of them because of cosmetic defects . 
so the basic idea was , you should be able to model , you know , how do you say ? -- model cursion increments . 
and we &apos;ll also have a coffeshop , and the meals of it can be used as substrates for building mushrooms . 
you can do so many other things than just gather yourself in one place , screaming and ending yourself from the security forces . 
what forms of suffering could be sailed , what forms of wealth could be created if we knew a little bit more about cooperation ? 
for him , in fact , everything began during the second world war , when he was 17 years old in a lab of false documents . 
also , from europe and korea , the more sophisticated competition is followed by china , which is soon one of the most important net exporters of cars . 
i &apos;m glad you &apos;ve heard earlier that batteries in comparison to oil represents an incredibly much less effective energy fingertips . 
we just put them in columns so that we have more neocortical columns to do more complex functions . 
but unlike traditional architecture , it &apos;s a single process that creates both the overall shape and the microscopic surface details . 
i was sitting next to one of our very brave lawyers and said , &quot; how can we spread this ? how can we make sure this is being implemented ? 
he sees only this big balloon in the ocean -- he has no hands -- he &apos;s making a little bit of a boat bursting on the boat , and it &apos;s already happening . 
no matter what i was doing in my real world was just replicated with my little device in the digital world , eight years ago , in the year 2000 . 
first of all , you had to understand that you could see this as a cooperative , an idea of brazilian legal scientist roberto magabeira . 
she says , &quot; this is 35 miles per gallon . i prefer to do the right thing for the environment , and take the prius 50 miles per gallon . &quot; 
so she did half the way she liked the crackers and didn &apos;t like the broccoli -- like a baby or any other normal person . 
imagine how blood flows through your body -- told me at ucla medical center -- as a single closed system . 
the revolution was created not by social media , but by a new generation of young people who wanted to be employment and hope and who wanted to be treated like subtanes . 
in fact , four billion clean cars on the streets are still four billion cars , and a traffic congestion is still a traffic one . 
of course , leeggs shoot their threads from their back page , which , if you ask me , makes them even more interesting than superheroine . 
i started looking for triathlete because i found that life summers often couldn &apos;t teach you what they do all the time . 
but that hasn &apos;t solved the biggest problem that i saw in enron , because enron had an extra social element . 
and what you can see is that a very rangless harbor , without another bone , can contain a ranghigh armor . 
i explained it through the middle east , where everything started , and in so many years , we lived with a completely false perception of the middle east . 
we can be more preventilated ; these precautions can be personalized , but most importantly , the rising participation will be . 
the assumption that we &apos;re always best at the best when the individual chooses , it &apos;s only when this individual is clearly limited by others . 
despite the fact that all of these disorders in the brain are born , most of these disorders are ultimately diagnosed on the basis of observational behavior . 
the goal of my talk today is to shake your memory with these charismatic and majestic creatures . 
and somewhere in the middle of south dakota , i turn to my friend , and i ask her a question that &apos;s been asking me for 2,000 miles . 
but when someone first said , &quot; the probability of cancer cancer is 10 percent , &quot; and we said , &quot; well , sorry . 
most of us find reasonable , and interestingly , 12 vibrations per minute are about the breathing frequency of a battling human being . 
i spent my life with work on extremely unfortunate people , and i wondered : how distinguish extremely unfortunate people from the rest of us ? 
well , you can see a very interesting pattern here that at first two things are being overestimated , which is tornadoes and fireworks . 
nuclear is already going to have time delay to stop the ice of the arctic and elsewhere . 
he &apos;s shipping a little magnetic pulse through the skull of our investigative tags , in her gyrus frontal inferior . 
only two weeks earlier , the american senate had rejected the idea of a bpa bottom-up and snippers . 
when i was making up the smoking shell that i &apos;d been blown away from television , i met hanna saworotina . 
on this map , moldawiens shows green district spending little money on schools , but good educational outcomes are goals , and red shows the opposite . 
so i brought a premier on the ted stage protei number eight . it &apos;s not the last one , but you can demonstrate good things about this . 
i spent quite a lot of time with a man who lived with his family on a glider and had lost an arm and leg at a train crash . 
two weeks after my diagnosis , a biopsy suspected that i had an 18-inch osteo sarkoma in my left thigh . 
but -- and this is shadow -- it &apos;s threatened , just like it is threatened by the established industrial systems . 
but if you were to be on a crank or a flat screen , it would make sense of any object in it , so it would be a real object . 
the novelist vladimir nabokov said the best reader combined two very different temperatures , the artistic and scientific . 
for example , these big explosions of sparks are like a little ripper jellyfish , and there are crill and other crust and jellyfish . 
in a few words , one person gets a message : &quot; do you want to have part of your 10 dollars you earn here to get somebody else in the lab ? &quot; 
the discovery of behavioral and behavioral change is groundbreaking like the detection of the microscope because we collect data streams that were previously unthinkable . 
this photo was actually pasted in a police station , and on the ground , you can see the personalities of the people who were tracked by the police . 
the next thing you &apos;re going to see is a kitchen in the value of a million dollars , was built by the company heinz -- did you hear about them ? 
let &apos;s take a system where land ownership is registered with a government office , so that people can make it safe . 
in a survey , the cdc asked the simple question of whether in the last week , the psychological stress has been learned . 
so it &apos;s not a surprise that if you add fibonacci numbers together , the next fibonacci number gets . right ? 
i went to the university of notefire , and i graduated conclusions in computation and gertsch . i spent a year in austria . 
i take the commando through physical skills , and i hold it in my chest monastery and make it the shelf gesture . 
we practiced in a basin in port hueneme , and my first diving in the open ocean was in the santa barbara channel . 
and if they &apos;ve made these detections , they can be rejected at any given machine , application or device . 
paul was working for years at camerineal national radio and television , and he was talking about health risks . he was health respondent . 
so we took a hundred dollar bills and put them in 10,000 little bits of a thousand , and they stored them in the mechanical turk . 
he creates this elaborate painting inspired by hieronymus bosch and the cashmiri-textiles of his youth . 
now -- somebody laughed . now , to find the queen -- let &apos;s do it this way : you take a high , you take your lady up . 
but i also want to argue some of the ideas here , because having a meadow , or living close to life is a changing experience . 
in france , the doctors decided whether and when the life support systems were turned off during the united states had the final decision associated with the parents . 
we were working on the aspect of mental health within health care , adding psycho-social care and psychosocial advisation to the system . 
i saw this in a movie of the canadian authority , and it has instantly impaired me to see babies playing with knives . 
and one day a nasa manager came to my office , sat down and said , &quot; can you please tell us what to look for life outside of the earth ? &quot; 
it &apos;s homosexual men in the paryscene who have three times as many partners as heterosexual people in the paryscene scene . 
there is no more dramatic and sudden lying between the potential and actual mind as a heavy head injury . 
donations to nonprofit facilities stagnant in the u.s. two percent of gdp since the beginning of the rehearsal in the &apos; 70s . 
you all know this . in the last summary of the ipcc , scientists wanted to ask , &quot; how safe is this ? &quot; with 99 percent responses . 
since then , no one &apos;s on ski -- it was 93 years ago -- so nobody &apos;s ever ever since ski &apos;s coast of antarctica to the pole and back . 
in some subjects , a box of godiva chocolate is a dose of spam . 
at the same time , i thought there &apos;s a variety of possibilities of time producing products , away from ethnic -- to something more modern . 
he read one of the 12 books , and he goes to a few lectures , walks to our room a few days before the test for a tutoring table . 
and it &apos;s thought that you can filter a cubic meter of water every hour , and you can record 30 pounds per day zooplankton . 
what do we know about this country and the people we &apos;re supposedly protecting about the villages where the only medicine is against pain and hunger opium ? 
we need to end the study with the low radiation dose , and then we need to restore our results of other institutions , which could take five years or more . 
we had to pay attention -- because vitamin d is produced by uv beams , and we wanted to separate our cause from the vitamin d . 
in this cave , big sections are covered by this red material here , and also these huge selfish crystals that you see hanging down here . 
because i &apos;m watching that colleges are many good teachers in the community , many of these kids , and we need to get some into high schools . 
and the context of course is that the poet occupied places are more likely to erase fewer emissions -- basically logically , if you think about it for a second . 
when we grew up , he had a dixieland jazz band , and he used to play louis-armstrong-melodies . 
and &quot; dignity &quot; is the lover of coco chanel and &quot; is edith sitwell , and it &apos;s an august sander model . 
i was also interested in surgery , and i wanted to become surgeon , because this is how i could work in very focused and sophisticated ways with the hands . 
and again , there are tens of millions of connections that are reconnecting this spot of a social network and showing how to correlate it to the content of the shows . 
let me conclude that we haven &apos;t had a gigantic impact like the dinosaur killer for 65 million years . they &apos;re very rare . 
we &apos;ve done de-extinction iments where we &apos;ve looked at the mats of epiphytes and looked at the rate of reoccupation . 
both successes and failures teach us some very important things we need to keep in mind when we want to keep the good news going on . 
on three sides , there are these steps where the fourth page is a four-page building where you could organize these ted conferences at any time . 
what you can do in a longer way is use these tools of retro-vaccinology to make a preventive flu vaccine . 
i can still see hillary in front of me drinking with the steel worker rye whiskey , who runs down the chin . 
but even from this particular cosmic perspective , our century is really a very big feature , the first person to change their home planet . 
there &apos;s an old cell phone in there -- a good use for old cell phones -- that calls the clinic , and then we come and pick the mouse off . 
this is one of the reasons why canada , originally , was a hero of climate change -- we were one of the first signs of the kyoto protocol . 
then uganda began to collapse , while simbabwe went up to the top , and a few years later south africa had a terrible rise of hiv precedent . 
you can send them into buildings like this , to look for the first to invent , maybe looking for biochemical lecks , or gas lecks . 
but what feels right about the leadership in the middle ages can be a problem for a juvenile relations of face to face . 
so you start with the bagasse , and then you take a very simple oven , and you can just make it out of an old 200-literary barrel . 
and so i thought back in sillicon valley , we were very productive and objectorized -- particularly what technical objects are going on . 
a devastating proposition for violence has become a common ground , and with equal large abcheck for alternative forms of influenza . 
i got a box in the mail , and it was involved in newspaper donations , and in this newspaper , the picture was this man , and he was dead . 
kallikuppam had finally found my control group of a school in new delhi , a rich private school with a trained biology teacher . 
everybody was living in front of the tv , looking at the disturbing , scary images that came from the edge of the quarter . 
and if this cellular space station is inside the electric field , it works on the high-rise proteins and sets them up in a line . 
and instead of installing the grand scholars , from western producers , machines used low-cost cad / cam original technology . 
each of these parts are shaped by a single , low-cost duesenset instead of four more expensive that you bend to the bark of steel . 
first of all , i agree that mudimb &apos;s wonderful book &quot; inventing africa &quot; is an invention of early colonialism and then the countermovements . 
the getty just takes his books to ucla , where we have one of these scanning centers to scan the authorerights books , which is great . 
he &apos;s going to ring the bell again . he &apos;s saying , &quot; we &apos;re going to put &quot; -- and it &apos;s only 12 seconds left -- &quot; we &apos;re now putting all the money of all nations together . 
one of our heavy points of the last time are medical devices , and the parallel of medical equipment to the electrical grid of iraq is not obvious , but it &apos;s available . 
if we were to eradicate all the insects on this planet , only they -- which we &apos;re trying to do intensely -- the rest of life and humanity would go to most of the country . 
and certainly , other people know more about efficiency than i am , but i can &apos;t imagine that a climate conditioning is cooling a building that &apos;s greatly efficient . 
we color each neuron in a different color , and if we look at all the imagery , we look at the synapses and notice the color of the two neurons that are involved . 
in the sars-epidemic in hong kong , we realized that most transmitters were happening because people didn &apos;t really move their masks . 
the good news : no cancer , no tuberculosis . it &apos;s not cocative dioidomycose or a different obscure mushcination . 
and by the way we sampled the rats again and reclaimed those results , we were able to increase the rates of 30 percent . 
that &apos;s why the social organization has become the hunter-gatherer village to the ancient state , the imperium , and now we &apos;re in a globalized world . 
and frankly , i think if cfc founder colonel would make it very carefully , he could advertise with an extract . 
in addition , the baby comes after birth because of another unique invention of mammals , &quot; is carried &quot; by mother milk . 
so smart legislation is better than nothing , but it &apos;s hard to imagine that any clever legislation can sustain this for infinite time . 
you need something like zig megatons on water -- almost a pogatonne of water -- to have a chance to acquire the neutrino . 
she was the editor from the cbs news that was unused in tahrir square in this photograph sexually abused . 
what looks like two big sheets of leaves are actually two single leaves that have been distorted over time through the economical desert conditions . 
it can only occur when the surface of an ocean has no oxygen , and it &apos;s completely saturated with hydrogen sulfide , enough to come from a solution . 
the statistics that were recorded by the babies are going to change their brains ; they &apos;re from the &quot; brands of the world &quot; to the culturally tuned listeners we are . 
like if ludotruck in los angeles does what makes a gourmet beef like this , and reaches a faithfulness . 
second , what does this mean to the general idea of how long it will take at this point , starting at the time that we have the mice so far ? 
if i move different -- for example , on the right -- there &apos;s another command , another noise that &apos;s going through our noise system -- quite complicated . 
heart disease is still killing more people -- not only in america , but in the whole world -- than anything else , they &apos;re preventable in almost all the people . 
i also want to encourage the ted fellows my respect -- june arunga , james shikwati , andrew and the other ted fellows . 
and the electoral combat turns out to be the cause of the disadvantaged effects of democracy , while a solid nonethic competition the resource booms . 
with just eight billion dollars , we can reach the u.n. millennium target -- the seducing of people without access to clean drinking water . 
i had the first lines of nasa &apos;s electricity statement to understand &quot; the home planet and protect my talks to justify my talks . 
neid -- it &apos;s a real taboo to mention neid -- but if there is a predominant feeling in modern society , it &apos;s neid . 
according to malcolm gladwell , &#91; the cocaine derivaat &#93; crack was the full-blown version of tomato soup for the inner city . 
photographer alexander tsiaras shows a powerful medical visualization , and shows human development from conception to birth and beyond . 
how do we deal with our greatest differences in regard to conflicts and human genius , to invent weapons with tremendous destruction ? 
you shouldn &apos;t be sisyphos frozing a rock at days just to find him down the next morning . 
we &apos;re parking cars in dense urban areas so they can bug songs for a specific time instead of using a car . 
and they tested what the argument called cooperative behaviors from people down -- about 100 : one , they decided this was the argument that was best convinced us . 
today , we can write a word like &quot; ted &quot; in egyptian hieroglypes and keilwrite , because they &apos;ve been deciphered in the 19th century . 
but if you look at the usual man , this guy doesn &apos;t wake up every day and thinks , &quot; hmm , let &apos;s see who we could get bribed today . &quot; 
the most amazing thing about all of this is to me this : this is not just a realistic and recognized problem , but we have to live with unemployment solutions to it . 
i &apos;ve got some -- they &apos;re no longer than one or a half minutes -- and i thought it &apos;s interesting to show some of our projects in the last year form of video . 
about the first billionth of a second , the higgs field set in , and the quarks and gluons and electrons that we &apos;re making , they maintained mass . 
or , even more importantly , against hiv ? a virus that is continuing in such an evolutionary speed , that available vaccines can no longer keep it going . 
he would tell you what he told me he said , he said , &quot; i wonder , what did my grandparents and great-grandparents do to protect the forest for me ? 
and now we take one , two , three steps away from this point to the field , and we end up with three-quarters of the diagram outside of the influence . 
post-colonial entropy is accelerating around the globe , and i expect more such changes on the map than states fall apart . 
&#91; &quot; oscar for the best visual effects &quot; &#93; two-doctor : welcome to the new body , jake . &quot; first doctor : &quot; good . &quot; 
don &apos;t you think that at a pure level , antiretroviral medicine is not a great ad for the western ingenuity and technology ? 
do you call it the rescue wallet for greece or saving a salvation of dumb banks that borrowed greece ? 
lauren hodge : if you wanted a restaurant healthier option , what would you choose , praised or fried chicken ? 
another time after min left the handbag factory , she came to visit her younger sister and brought two of the known coach handbags . 
the feeling of life being better that you could participate in it -- that you could be a perfect human being and you could participate in this perfect world . 
and thirdly , the engagement in developing countries led a small elite group of government members to a little bit connect to the population , the gifted of aid . 
the challenge is , how do you do business , how do you trust someone on the web if you know that the one you want to do business with is a criminal ? 
it was a 200-fuss-diameter of geodesic shores across the east river in new york city , in full of the united nations . 
in addition to multiple choice and the compact questions from video , we can also rate math , mathematical terms , and also mathematical deviations . 
and you start thinking about yourself and memories , and before you go back into the diversion , you change your memory and you change your personality and so on . 
the great thing about the mola -- when we compare it to the tag -- if you look at it here -- there &apos;s the data stream , there &apos;s the tag . 
so , 1.5 years ago , david and i co-founded with another team member to accelerate our progress and make a product faster . 
but in the last two decades , she has never seen a precedented expansion , and she &apos;s now contributing to about 15 percent of global gdp . 
for those of you who remember physics , this is a root at a beginning of zero . but this is like cats . 
k for the first time has been a collection and play on a street in rural school -- never been there -- to explain to your parents why reading and writing is important . 
but the forms are missing when i turn out a sixth of a turn , and as a rotation expert , the point is to pick the point where the triangles touch . 
this graph , which i &apos;m going to click down here , is to resemble the medical diagram of a heart stroke , and the exciting moments show up with high leavins of adrenaline . 
for example , if i did this -- -- for more than a few seconds , you would feel uncomfortable ; you &apos;d be more than a few minutes , and you &apos;d leave the hall in shame . 
if you look back in history of ancient warfare , you &apos;ll find that slaters were the most important factor against infantry . 
the view is closed to the gallery , where only the natural light is used , and with a panorama-view of the northern gallery , is reopened . 
although young people seem to be secure to their judgment of public decision-making , they are sometimes a little lost in terms of what they want to live for their personal lives . 
and as soon as the soil gets dry -- you &apos;re in a dry season , it &apos;s risky , oxygen enters you -- flood comes out , and the whole problem begins . 
so we walked into a taxi , and this is our taxicab , and i sat on the back seat , and he turned around and said , &quot; where do you want to go ? &quot; 
but they spent three and a half million dollars trying to punish this spot during the super bowl of 2000 , even though they had just a million dollars of year replacement at the time . 
this is perhaps the most primitive hut that you can find in kibera , little more than a stock-and-mud hut next to a landfill . 
this is a simple graph to interpret : vertical is how complex the language of sperson is based on the length of sentences . 
there are tens of thousands of these stories in the world , and it &apos;s really difficult to consign a dense level of well-being because it &apos;s only getting worse and worse . 
and then he surprised the nation with his victory at the presidential elections against three far more experienced , far more educated , more famous enemy . 
this has a statement : a programmer in edinburgh and a programmer in entebbe can both get the same -- a copy of the same part of the software . 
the production sites and distribution centers have the tendency to be in developing countries , and they are more vulnerable by deterrent violence and bloodbaker . 
he had read about three years of the harvard business review , until he stumbled an article in 1986 , which was &quot; the new product development game . &quot; 
iconen like michael pollan and jamie oliver in his ted wish , both of those last three decades have been incredibly significant for the change of our food system . 
today , in this area , there are about 50,000 -- 70,000 people living in this self-built community of several story houses , where to three generations live in one unit . 
four years ago , chris lost his job at macy &apos;s job , and as many people as he had difficulty finding a new job in recession . 
my immunologist told me that i had to wash off all the remote control and iphones in my house because those are orbital for germ rule rights . 
but every single thing that we &apos;re made of , every single atom in us has already created myriads of other things , and will continue to make myriads of new things . 
despite the very clear anti-israeli ideology of the new regime , there was a collaboration that was still logical and continued to be locked . 
this is the writing of the dish , and you &apos;ll see a few seconds later on the left , as on the screen of the agent , an interesting new text appears . 
david bismarmark demos a new voting system with a simple , reasonable way to infer computational error -- where election secret remains unemployed . 
and i &apos;m convinced that in the next 10 years , tumor treating fields serve doctors and patients for the hardly treating solid tumors . 
i hope that you will not forget one thing : between your arrival here tomorrow and our lunch break , four deadlicts are being used in the united states . 
now , with the time , i have a standard word of parate : first of all , i would point out that it should be clear that there is no such thing as a non-authentic experience . 
and then when i did the second thing , it really confused the work -- these strong blue lines in the middle -- and the creation of tension and overlap . 
and when we gave them a battery and a piece of wire and put a light bulb and said , &quot; can you do that ? &quot; -- then they couldn &apos;t . right ? 
that means you spend a hundred or a thousand dollars waiting for the wait and waiting for the next month to the next 10 dollars . 
but i was at a ted event recently , and esther duflo , probably one of the leading expertise in the effects of hunger in the third world , talking there . 
our newly experiment was developed by my colleague art aron and looked at people in a brain scanner who claimed to be still in love with a long-term partnership . 
these surveys had entered their databases , then they use high-developed mathematical format to represent a lost course , and this is what a lost one looks like . 
and a friend of mine in austria , i was so sorry he &apos;d get the biggest casinoowner in linz to let his buildings go in . 
in resource markets , less than two percent of the children are born hiv-positive , 98 percent of the children are hiv-negative at birth . 
you might want to look at your view , because this is a mola that &apos;s just regenerating its limbs , hanging dishes transmitting more bacteria than kisses . 
now , from the burning coal in the power plant , it &apos;s only a tenth of fuel energy at the end of the piping . 
&#91; all &#93; emerging economies &#91; in &#93; the world add to the western world with good survival rates of children and small family size , but the poorest billions we still have . 
and up to today , it remains the only jewish diaspora in the history of the jewish people who have never been exposed to a case of antisemitism . 
we need to create institutions in this world of peace and humanitarian aid , but also to rebuild and to security -- for some of the conflicts of the world . 
you believed in the early rivers from the west -- as sir francis drake -- long ago , when they came back from thailand and reported by this incredible spectacle . 
now , when you go through the parking house , it &apos;s almost like a trip across a parallel universe of colored cars and colors to this urban oase in southern state . 
if you look at accidents from the last time , &quot; the entire data set consists of about 30 years of data -- &quot; you don &apos;t see it . the new car seats are much better . &quot; 
but now we &apos;re trying to understand this in terms of the development of a brain region called limbic system , and i &apos;m going to show you the limbic system , in red on the slide behind me and on the brain . 
and every seven years , the country gets an exta year of quiet , where all families are united and surrounded by those who love them . 
and then he got the government for himself and used it as a political printing tool for moi , who was the richest man -- still the richest man in kenya . 
this is a bacteria that was discovered by a team of planetary biologists who were looking for life on other planets , where they looked at the hardest conditions on our views . 
do you multiply 22 with 47 , notice you &apos;re getting 1,034 or the calculators don &apos;t work . do you all have 1,034 ? 1,034 ? 
now , i want to take you for a moment with what &apos;s mostly the hardest conflict in the world , or the most unresolved conflict , to the middle east . 
as fast as we can re-imagining our computers , brain activity is shifting to form this new tool as if it were a body part of the primate . 
that &apos;s why we spend our time talking about things like gender weddings and not genocides or the spread of nuclear weapons or poverty or any other promising topic . 
there &apos;s this famous example of a circle that was 36,000 feet long , and lasted for two days , the ants were just wandering around until they died at some point . 
the geometric means between the mass of a protein and the mass of the sun is 50 kilograms , which should be in the area of the subject two of the mass of every person here . 
it means that there is something called positive feedback , the synergies in between making the whole so incredibly much bigger than the sum of its parts . 
but unfortunately , 95 percent of the arctic glaciers are also moving back to the point where the ice has reached the land , and no more ice is going back to the ecosystem . 
if i give a woman with breast cancer every three weeks a drug called taxol , which is standard , about 40 percent of women with metastatic cancer have a great reaction to the drug . 
someone invited me to a meeting , but couldn &apos;t receive me in a conference room and said , &quot; tomorrow , i have to do my dogs . don &apos;t you want to come ? &quot; 
i tried -- there is a building over here from nick grimshaw , here &apos;s a sculpture of oldenburg -- i tried to create a civic relationship . 
in afghanistan , we didn &apos;t have one or two elections , we went through three elections for the president &apos;s office and parliament . and what do we find ? 
when i announced this to my parents one day -- and my father argues this story till the day today -- i said , &quot; dad , i want to become diplomat . &quot; 
she was asked by a client to visit a house because she wanted to tell her mother and her siblings about her hiv infection , and she was afraid to do it alone . 
a compromise , if he &apos;s artistic , when he comes to her strategies -- and there &apos;s my first rising and left rendering -- is not that far away . 
that made a big impression to me , because i &apos;m a woman , and i &apos;m a mother , and it wasn &apos;t clear to me that the hiv / aids pandemic was looking at women like this . 
now , in the last century , in developed countries like america , the moral debate is because we take the hypothetical seriously and take universal concepts seriously , and look for logical connections . 
projects worldwide document native poetry in sierra leone , maintain traditional patterns in gaza , promote language resurrection in tajikistan and so on . 
it &apos;s a ugly face -- if you &apos;re eye in an eye with a puppy or a child , and then you say , &quot; what do you do ! look up , stop ! &quot; 
these three people all know how to make productive dollars from our local economic systems to satisfy existing need , reduce the current social problems and prevent future problems . 
this dilemma gave the title of this project that shows different ways that we are all alive dead , and that in some ways we are the spirits of the past and the future . 
this cumulative cultural adaptation , as anthropologists call this accumulation of ideas , is responsible for everything around them in their business and turbulent everyday lives . 
and yet , nobody &apos;s trying to do anything that is the next generation of children afro-american or asian parents with cream color skin and bluonden hair comes to the world . 
at seven o &apos;clock at a sunday night in hidden springs , idaho , the six members of the family gather to the peak of their week : family meeting . 
now , we really want to focus on all the other religions when their holy books tell them , &quot; don &apos;t stop the other side , this is just the devil of the talks ! &quot; 
and then you move up and down through a little bit of energy , but now you just shoot the air under the hot and up to the cold end , down to the hot end and up to the cold . 
here &apos;s one of the other winners . this is charles paxton , he received the biologic prize for his study &quot; baletics behavior from the outside to people on farms in the u.k . &quot; 
george de mestral -- these are not insects on the sandale -- went with his dog through a field of gas , and then afterwards it was covered with velcro , so the velcro conclusion goes . 
and these pictures are -- you &apos;ll see them at the beginning of the slide-show -- it &apos;s just four pictures -- but on them , there &apos;s a little bear that lives in the rainforest of the great bear . 
now , drake discovered no alien intelligence , but he learned a valuable lesson from a flying airplane : terrestrial technology can interferate for alien technology . 
it was 56 , and when our president wanted to change constitution and create office confinctions , he created 25 new governance districts , and now it &apos;s 81 . 
and then you move into this larger space of man plus , and you could continue this process to experience a lot of this larger space of possible dashmodel . 
market is -- marketing is -- that you better measure what consumers really do than saying what they &apos;re going to do or anticipate what they &apos;re going to do . 
so i moved back to my cave , and i produced , and i kept supporting comedy , and allowed my friends to use my sofa as an operational dirt in the field . 
three quotations add too , because the first genome was criticism that we wouldn &apos;t even have tried to predict something more profound than just hitting our work . 
now , the british sex ologist roy levin suspected that maybe that was the reason why men have evolved to be such enthusiastic and ironic onanians . 
these four elements combine and create the big change -- away from the 20th century defined by the hyper-consumption , to the 21st century , which is signed by collaborative consumption . 
i see traditional music as a kind of rebellion where people really have a voice , especially in the traditional songs of other parts of the former republic of jugoslavia . 
but on the other hand , this was worth gold for science , because we could actually use this dirty piece as a scientific instrument and look at it , where these seven tons of oxygen are gone . 
imagine our highly-fitted , representative synchronized food industry , and our extremely ventilated agricultural system is failing and leaching shelves in the supermarket . 
the loss of hydrothermal vent society is not really different from some areas that i &apos;ve seen in the 35 years that i &apos;ve traveled around and made films . 
i mean , i &apos;m skipping here three years from engineering meetings , design and systemintegration , and presenting depthx -- deep phreatic thermal explorer . 
they hired a 25,000 sheep , mixed nature with planning well , and they created 50 percent reduction of their production in the first year . 
she went to juarez to take care of a sacred dance , and discovered what happened to the murder and disappeared women of juarez . 
in the recent past , we &apos;ve learned that galaxies are held together by the gravitation of the dark matter called dark matter , particles in huge swarms , much smaller than atoms . 
this is the market leader in the spread of news programs , the black hole exploit pack , which is responsible for almost one-third of the spread of sound programs in the last few quartales . 
and that led us to design the ideas of what we believe is the inevitable future of the human machine interface : we call it the spatial operating environment . 
and i said -- i worried , and i said , &quot; my god ! &quot; i mean , i &apos;ve changed the body image of this man . what about human subjects , ethics and so on ? 
if you believe the media report , the life of a drug dealer in the flowering season of crack-epidemic was very glamorous , at least in the words of virginia postrel . 
so the team developed new software for error analysis , with which we could test every synthetic fragment on whether it would grow in a wildtype dna . 
sometimes i get people knocked in their place at the table , put their legs on the knee wrist , if they &apos;ve installed that function , put it on their little wooden socks . 
so to answer this question , we did a study in boston where we put one out of three medicines in the habitats of people installed over a period of several weeks . 
so i put the script , i printed it on an epson-printer with water resolution ink , stuck it on the wall and threw a bucket of water . presto ! 
you &apos;re always thinking , more than less than less , 60 is always better than 50 ; and you &apos;re always thinking , now the bar is better than later : the bar on this side is higher than the bar on this side . 
examples of christopher wrens &apos;s cross : you can see that the structural forces of the wolf are expressed as lines , so you can actually see the expression of structural force and shape . 
in our gang -- and it wasn &apos;t the standard situation -- there was just intensive violence -- many wars -- and this gang was actually quite successful . but there was a prize for it . 
so in the years before the second world war , the u.s. military bought 90,000 norden bombsight devices for the 14,000 dollars -- again , in 1940 , that &apos;s a lot of money . 
and in 1997 , the director of philippe de montebello gave me the permission to organize an exhibition for 2002 , we usually have this very long running season . 
two to three years after they can hear as good as you and i might hear them sing bats or talking whales like dogs and other kinds of tons of scale . 
and they &apos;ve been prospering seven and a half seconds since 1950 , because in those seven and a half seconds they can do something different , or they can acquire a different commodity or service service . 
he &apos;s traveling through the entire country , photographing himself , and here &apos;s zig in an indigenous reserve , and this recording counts to the more traditional recordings . this is a receptor . 
the diver has the silk toy , and i &apos;m on the keyboard , and i &apos;ve just embedded the key for the rope , which is the request for the toy of the human . 
the first appeared in the rainforests of australia , 25 million years ago , the national geographic society helps us examine these fossil deposits in riversleigh . 
the phrase &quot; art is whatever &quot; suggesting the current &quot; in the future -- the view &quot; is not about what you do , but you do it . &quot; 
he was paying ted that the last day he went to sea , and he was plowing a big buttower on his boat and looking out of his bubble hole . 
and now , imagine this software is capable of asking both parties for each other , &quot; would you be willing to meet your cousine third grades ? &quot; 
the extremism on one side promotes extremism on the other side , a distance that we have now to understand enough , and both extremism in this discussion are just wrong . 
this is nissans myleaf , where their drive behaviors are compared to other people &apos;s beams so that they can compete with each other at the spritsavings . 
the top part is nylon 6 , which becomes caprolactam , the lower part , a polyalk -- infinitely recyclable thermopsts . 
stem cells can be used to transfer growth factors for repairing a damaged heart muscle , or to be differentiated into heart muscle cells to restore heart function . 
it &apos;s a very simple exercise -- kon a song at itunes , burning it on a cd , then rip the cd down to a mp3 and playing it on the same computer . 
there are organisms that don &apos;t grow older -- the hydra , for example -- but they &apos;re creating this because they don &apos;t have a nervous system -- and they don &apos;t have any tissue that depends on very long-term cells . 
so an amazing example of adapting to an environment of limited resources -- and in this sense , very relevant to the kinds of challenges we &apos;re going to face over the next few years , next few decades . 
this kind of technology is going to allow more and more people to get excited about this , and i &apos;m really excited to talk to all of you in the next few days to see where we can use this in real places . 
but what &apos;s so slow from the outside is actually rather chaos in the inside , because the cells are holding their shape with a skeleton of staring protein fibers and deteriorating these fibers all the time . 
the european and the north africa &apos;s population -- the eastern bluefin tuna -- are fished in vast amounts -- over the last 10 years almost 500,000 tons . 
there will be no pilots -- and i know the pilots here in the audience won &apos;t like this -- i &apos;ve already brought a lot of criticism from those who want to fly around on the top of themselves . 
from this signal , i read that men with a mutation of this virus tube cym and a tumor often -- in 40 percent cases -- have a signature with neural retrovirus . 
as you can see , the rising line in the &apos; 60s and &apos; 70s takes the shape of the elle of a hockey bat . now , the whole thing goes to a more smooth trajectory . 
if you adopted a game company , with a million players in their game , only one percent of those acts as co-developers who are contributing ideas and they have an aid team of 10,000 people . 
so they got the frame of these big wheels , they montized the gangs of wheels and the brakes of motorcycles , and so they mixed a variety of ingredients together . 
and it became so big , until the point where there was a last year at macy &apos;s thanksgiving parade , and rick astley jumps out , and &quot; rickrolled &quot; millions of people on television . 
our goal for the next year is the market farms of water canary and free access to hardware so that anyone can contribute to development and evaluation to address this problem together . 
and although i want to thank all the talented people in our business for this -- although there &apos;s luck and timing , of course , there is a role to play -- we are totally convinced that we &apos;ve done it all because of our values . 
so , for example , she makes a small latzhose of cord , and she works african materials , and her designs are very original , and in the meantime , she has actually received an exhibition of whale mart . 
farmers used to spend half the day of bone harter work trying to figure out whether or not the orphans were open , the market was taking place , the products they were harvested and what price they were going to get . 
so we asked larry and natalie tempt to establish a explaining for scientists about the raised results , and they brought us along with the recommendations of biology letters . 
i &apos;d like to tell a story that contains the infamous privacy incident of adam and eve and the remarkable shift between &quot; public &quot; and &quot; private &quot; in the last 10 years . 
and like all the dolphins in our group , we photographed mugsy and we recorded their spots , and the candes in the back river , as well as the unique patterns of their spots over time . 
in australia , &quot; mo &quot; is the jargon for mustache , so we reverted the november in movember and set up some simple rules that have managed to do today . 
but anyway , i got my suitcase full of iron error , and i brought him back to london , where i was confronted with the problem : okay , how do i make parts of this rock component for a toaster ? 
when i was about three quarters through , there was a graph on the right -- which we have here &quot; the most terrifying chart that you can think of for newborn parents . &quot; 
darfur may have been wrong for the headlines , but the deadlines and the shifts there also regret and the sheer human misery that comes out of this is very hard to explore . 
at the end of this year , you &apos;ll be able to drive from l.a. to new york just with the supercharger network , which is five times as fast as all other possibilities . 
we need to have a common view of how we can address this : the fight against poverty in the world and the challenge of reduction in the developed world has all a very simple solution . 
he used the example of a common ground , on which every person could just maximize their own herd , contributed to grassroots and building the resource . 
the head is in a line with the backbone so that you use the strategic pressure to reach your legs up -- it &apos;s very important , especially for people with little grains of perfect . 
during that time , i learned something . last year , google described me as one of the smartest , young talents in the world . last year , google described me as one of the smartest , young talents of the world . 
in the short run , we can urge the growth of engagement by promoting entrepreneurship and investing in infrastructure , because the robots are not very good today in the bridge repair . 
instead of throwing a refrigerator air through the stage , we can use cooling systems , like a soil heat system , where water pipes are put in the ground . 
a faster proposal like this . if we slow this down , this is the mantis shrimp -- the same species -- recorded in 1,000 frames per second , played at 15 frames per second . 
in this climbing demonstration station , the diving percussionist evelyn glennie shows why listening has a lot more than making sound on its trunks . 
and this began an incredible collaboration with the industry , and within six months , we tested a new polio vaccine that was exactly two years ago visiting the last two poliotypes in the world . 
i &apos;m a member of an internet discussion forum in an african internet discussion forum , and i asked them , &quot; since 1960 we had exactly 204 african state efs since 1960 . &quot; 
and maitreya says , &quot; i was with you . what do you think the needles made for you and the nests and the drops on the rocks , mr. dummbatz ? &quot; 
it &apos;s actually seven billion tapestries all of their own passion , and all of them come together as part of a mosaic , creating this world -- in their backyards and in their kitchens . 
he could see what was happening to his forest , his environment , because his grandfather took him under his fittiveness when he was only two years old and began to teach him about the forest and the way of his people &apos;s lives . 
ao : you taught yourself to play , and after all , the piano was for you , derek , with lots of lazy and poateses were connected , and even a piece of nose was there . 
so let me start with an episode from this series of events that most of you may know , belsazars -- because we &apos;re talking about the gulf war in 539 b.vr . chr . 
and this has to do with me , because in 1994 , i put a couple of things in a backpack , and i went on the road to a one-year trip , right in the middle of my university career . 
a couple of weeks ago , i visited one of these sites called an expectation swaptree , and there was over 59,300 objects that i could instantly swap against my copy of &quot; 24 . &quot; 
africa is the most tropical continent on earth , and about 85 percent are between the northern and southern sphere , and there &apos;s not many glaciers here , just on the high mountains here in east africa . 
so i grabbed my cat , my rottwheler and my campingequipment in a 19750-chevy bus , and i drove off the sunset , but not paying attention to three very important things . 
but i think that a much bigger problem with this is that this logic -- that we should drop ipods and not bombs -- i mean , there would be a great title for thomas friedman &apos;s new book . 
and we should develop things -- we should develop packaging for ideas that improve people &apos;s perception , increase the respect of things that we exclude from earth and transform them into things that are everyday use . 
he owned a company for chrosis , and they had to transport heavy steel parts between chemical holders , so he needed an industrial shelter like this one that could take the heavy scale . 
i was thrown into blogs , and i was thrown away from the past to preach trinity and catholicism in the middle east , so you can -- believe who you want -- i gave you my version . 
for example , you can &apos;t write the name of the president , hu jintao , and you can &apos;t write the name of the city chongqing , and until recently you couldn &apos;t look for the smartest names of the highest officials . 
and one of the first victims of difficult economic times are probably public spending of any kind , but in the outline , surely the public spending for science , and especially science is driven by curiosity and research spirit . 
so i went back to the computer , and i bought five big portions of pommes to paint them all , and i looked for some kind of food topic , and i wrote a piece of software to automatically put pommes-imagery . 
here , of course , jfk with his incredibly simple and powerful formulation , &quot; don &apos;t ask what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country , &quot; a very noble statement . 
what makes people succeed ? is it luck ? isn &apos;t it . analytics richard st. john deserves years of interviews into a very sighting , three-minute presentation on the real track secrets of success . 
we &apos;re going to get a surprising and compelling result about our universe . for the better understanding , let me explain the higgs first , and we have to go back to a tenth of a billionth of a second after the big bang . 
once these pictures are made , and the doctor has painted the security zones and the sonstiges , he chooses a point -- you can see the circular dot where the line is -- and he &apos;ll press his &quot; shell &quot; button . 
with the realization of tournames , fishing , australian great barrier reef authority and scientists that the great barrier reef is damn under the current control regime . 
a technician puts electrodes on the head of the skin , and uses a rent gel or a paste , and usually after the head &apos;s head tracking , there are piles . 
so if we leave the place -- maybe we &apos;ll put the car off and run a piece -- then we know , thanks to our own movements , where we can listen to this path , which direction we need to take for the back . 
i &apos;m used to algorithms , and i &apos;m involved in data structures and high-motivated students , and nothing in my past has prepared me to do with a dead , violent adolescent in the middle of nowhere . 
for the greatest part of my career , i &apos;ve been using particle accelerators -- like , for example , the electronic accelerator at the university of standford , right up the road -- to study things of the lowest scale . 
now , i know that some of you think that progress happens only in asia or latin america or in front of brazil -- and who loves no brazilian models ? -- but look at sub-saharan africa . 
we place the conditions within the detector , as they ruled less than a billionth second after the evolution of the universe -- and this is up to 600 million times per second . these are massive numbers . 
you can be at a moment when there &apos;s enough customized counter-waiting person focused only on the freudians of life , or a counter-fatalist doesn &apos;t matter . her life is predetermined . 
even though we &apos;re even excited about it , we &apos;ve allowed that in this country -- very different from europe -- without any regulation , and even without any label on the packaging . 
our first conversations with ok go -- the name of the song is &quot; the too shall pass &quot; -- we were very excited because they exposed their interest to making a machine that they could dance with . 
and here in the united kingdom , there are also considerations of a rule called the digital economy act , which is more evidence on private interdependers to monitor civil behavior . 
the fact is that a year after you &apos;ve lost control of your feet and a year after the lottery , the lottery winner and the intersection of your life are equally happy with your life . 
microfinance is a powerful means of economic independence and self-esteem , but we need to go beyond micro-hopes and micro-ambitions for women because they &apos;re much greater hopes for themselves . 
my father and grandfather were looking for the latest things in alternative or traditional therapies for ph , but after six months , i couldn &apos;t climb up a little hill , i couldn &apos;t climb a staircase anymore . 
mathematicians and naturscientists in the crowd will recognize these two progressions as discrete differential equation first and discrete differential equation . led by six years . 
for example , what warms or cold feelings are about the north american indians , the military , the republican party , the democratic party and the different groups of american life . 
the power of shape : here &apos;s a whale and on its fins , we see little buttons , and these little inhibtions increase efficiency , for example , on a plane channel around about 32 percent . 
we have students sitting together , white and black kids , and what we found out is that you can solve rapid problems by making a world-class environment because people tend to behave world-class behavior if you treat them like this . 
and in the case of magnesium , in the crowd of water i just mentioned , it &apos;s a crumb industry in the value of 4.5 billion dollars for singapore -- a place that doesn &apos;t have natural resources . 
when we looked at their psa level -- it &apos;s a projection for prostate cancer -- then they got worse in the control group , but in the experimental group they got better , and these differences were highly remarkable . 
then , a computer that is focused ability of pattern recognition of human intelligence with the areas where machines are already thinking about what is analytical thinking and the ability to detect billions of facts curately . 
his lone had been stuck in the chair as her owner drank a coffee , and he was just jefrightened to welcome me a little bit behind the ear . 
and especially when you look at these two facts as deep truths that you &apos;re going to focus your life and pull out of which you need to take rats for primary replacement , it seems like a little bit of contradiction to each other . 
and his clinician said to me , &quot; if you want to figure out more about psychopaths , you can go to a psychopath course , which is run by robert hare , who invented the psychopathic checklist . &quot; 
do i understand that you &apos;re saying here in our bodies , we have a biochemical reaction to hydrogen sulfide , which is in your view that has been extinct in the past because of climate change ? 
without disabilities , with three years , they are put in another facility , and they &apos;re separated with seven in another person , separated from age and gender , they are arbitrarily separated from their siblings , often without the ability to say . 
he met in neanderthals , mixed up and spread around the world somewhere in southeast asia , met in denisovans , and spread to the pacific crisis . 
when i had been harvested at the top of the united states , i &apos;ve been doing it again -- i can &apos;t do anything for it , it &apos;s true -- i &apos;ve got a lyriccanal for delta airlines that was developed for several years . 
and the religious police force forces the native islamic lifestyle of every citizen , with violence -- women are forced to cover their heads -- to wear the hidschab , to cover the islamic headphone . 
in the next two to five years , this detector could pick up the survival rates of pancreatic cancer from mickrics 5.5 percent up to almost 100 percent , and also the equivalent of ovarian cancer in ovarian and lung cancer . 
biologist sheila patek talks about her work , the measurement of the fanghorrible imagery , one of the fastest movements of animal kingdom , micking footage at 20,000 frames per second . 
and then there &apos;s no exposed spinoza , but for that , there &apos;s an exposed pavilion dog , and i &apos;ve visited it in the hygiene-museum in st. petersburg in russia . 
2010 : statistics on the innative population today , more than a century after the wounded knee massacre , a heritage of colonial time , forced migration and contractory . 
in 2040 , the processing power of this machine will outcome the entire process of humanity into rone bits and so on , and this is where i get ray kurzwell and others from this little diagram that we all transcend . 
when steve sillett climbs a redwood , he shoots a arrow with a jellyfish on it , and then it goes over a branch and you put a rope up into the tree where you can climb down . 
psychologist erik erikson says , as far as i understand it , and i &apos;m there a total amateur , that people in the &apos; 30s , &apos; 40s , are driven by the desire of growth and find their fulfillment in it . 
because , of course , we make decisions that are unresistant and cruel consequences either for us or for health and happiness and other people &apos;s basic lives , and worst of all , even for their lives . 
this underwater keyboard in orlando , florida , at the epcot-center , has actually been the most advanced ever developed two-way interface for collaboration with people and dolphins to interacting with water . 
we should be careful and respectful , and we shouldn &apos;t get to the bottom , let &apos;s say , with a c-section or antibiotics or obscure cleaning , without a very good founding . 
if the estimation , cells could activate each other through these dense networks , and then they would activate the border cells to shape the fluent structures of the experience around them . 
so a big flower time , and i think more and more and more , is this quote from the physicist freeman dyson , and it &apos;s just called facts . 
the structure of el sistema is based on a new and flexible leadership , adapted to the features of every community and region , and it &apos;s now about 300 children in the lower and middle class in all venezuela . 
not because there was enough food to eat -- because , in fact , there was a food overcast in the rural areas -- but because people in the north had no access or no adjuvention to these nutrients . 
but if corruption is slightly embarrassing and people no longer have the ability to be protected by a legal state , and you can use violence if you can use violence freely , then you can collect the weak and slave it . 
the second condition is that societies that are living in a changing environment like the arctic or the desert , where periodic food charts occupy and are not enough food to keep everyone alive . 
a year and a half ago , a free park called &quot; the 99 &quot; in kuwait opened : 300,000 qm , 20 attractions , with our figures . had some parenting in spain and turkey . 
and i &apos;m eight big pacmmers : the 20-year chesapeake , our first one born delphin , her four-year-old daughter bayley and her half-sister , 11 year-old maya . 
the indo-european root of the word hope is a tribe , k-e-u -- we would spell it k-e-u , it &apos;s called koy -- and it &apos;s the same root that the word bow comes from . 
and since we launched that three , four years ago , many websites have altered by the old captcha where people have been monitoring time for the new captcha where people help digitize books . 
just as the water can change in a vessel of liquid , depending on the behavior of molecules , its brain can go from the state of consciousness in the state of consciousness , depending on the behavior of molecules . 
these films contain what was too painful to say it loud , and they became more useful for me than the whispers of survivors and the funeral look at a tattoo on the wrist of my late-finished dance . 
and then i looked closer at the energy volume of the united states , and this money volume of the united states is exactly the amount of dollars that the u.s. bank prints every year to address the rising demand , which is , of course , reflects growth of the economy . 
they already have hunter-gatherer bonds , but then through technical advances , new forms of technology that simplify the games of non-zero-sum games , more people and more areas of participate . 
and imagine researcher all over the world , and in labs , they are rapidly turning adult cells into more modern ips stem cells -- aging adult stem cells from them and me -- they &apos;re rapidly equipping to reprogram these cells back into more useful ips cells . 
you may remember the cry a year ago when a group of american preferences checked the literature on mammogram exams and left a mammography policy for women between twenty and 50 . 
here you can see kellar aumn , my former graduate student , who &apos;s now a professor at lewis r &amp; amp ; clark college , literally giving his first name to be able to do this test . 
when i started in the late &apos; 60s with the footage , the typical recording methods were limited in the fractory of single species , at the beginning it was birds , but later , mammals and amphibians came up . 
last year , just last year &#91; 2011 &#93; , 99 disasters were signed at the federal emergency agency , by joplin , missouri and tuscalosa , alabama , to the forest walls at the center of texas recently . 
and i &apos;ll just talk about what i &apos;m going to do . what i &apos;m going to do -- i hope you can see this is a deformed sinuscurve , a almost triangular wave on this hewlett-pacd-box box . 
in a relationship , the transition of friendship can lead to sex to different forms of unbehaved , and equally sex can be in the workplace where we call the conflict between a dominant and a sexual relationship as &quot; sexual affairment . &quot; 
i love trees , and i &apos;m lucky , because we live near a wonderful tree garner , and often i go sunday with my wife and our four-year-old climbing around the trees and hiding hidden . 
another thing is , an indian friend told me that an electric device was tested for the asian market , if you had a cockroach to climb and pinch it into every single component . 
so if we do these very important decisions because of very strange reasons , it &apos;s statistically proven that george is going to live in georgia and more dennish dentist , and more paulas is married than statistically necessary . 
in 1998 , larson and witham asked the best american scientists , the ones that were honored by the national academy of sciences , and within this reader group , the belief dropped to a personal god on shattering seven percent . 
&#91; &quot; oedipus rex &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; the lion king &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; titus &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; frida &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; the magic flute &quot; &#93; &#91; &quot; across the universe &quot; &#93; julie taymor : thank you . thank you very much . 
in fact , i &apos;ve been a strong force in the spread of ideas across borders , and i &apos;ve seen the rise of islam &apos;s islamist extremism as different from faith in islam and from the way that it affected my fellow believers in the world . 
in our study , older people are more positive , but they also live more likely than younger mixed emotions -- sadness at the same time will experience like happiness ; you know , those tears in the eye when they smile a friend . 
about 10 years ago , i was with one of my friends at a cocktail party , and as we sat there , he complained about the crows that turned it into his backyard and calling it a lot of pigs there . 
in the exact same period of time , where we &apos;ve used these drones with devastating accuracy , the number of attacks , suicide bombers and terror attacks against american forces in afghanistan have 10 times . 
during my 41 years as a teacher of biology at harvard , i was drated through the multiplicity of promising students who turned off from a scientific career , or even from volunteer modules of science because they were afraid of failure . 
companies like national instruments integrate powerful interactive interactions into materials . it goes way beyond the regular textbook , to an experience that you can really interact with all the materials and play with them . so you learn through practical application . 
and in fact , she thought she wasn &apos;t connected to the internet , but for anyone , it was possible to smuggle a usb-running process and bust it into the software that this centrifuge used to disrupt itself . 
and i &apos;d like to take you up to the canopy roof , not by stepping you all in silly and climbing cucumber , but by showing you a very short clip from a national geographic movie called &quot; heroes of the high frontier . &quot; 
their assignment was to find soil air rocket boxes -- remember the scud rocket launchers , these hot air rocket rockets that shot the iraqis to the israelis ? 
now , when you get a proposal on your head that damages the cortex and releases your hidden sexual drive that flows on the surface , suddenly feels and unexplained sexually from your mother . 
inventor , entrepreneur and visionary ray kurzweil explains exgiebig and informed details why we &apos;ve sequenced the human brain in the 2020s and our consciousness of nanoroboters . 
smiling reduces levels of stress rising hormones like cortisol , adrenaline and dopamine . it increases the amount of mood hormones like endorphins and reducing blood pressure . 
and then i thought , could i actually replace your image , so i &apos;m looking for a double pedestrian of diana , and i put it in the correct positions and angles and i created something that was in public consciousness . 
and yet , the mass of the human brain has tripled into two million years -- from a 600-gram brain of our ancestors , habilis , to almost 1.4 kilograms of hackers that everybody here has between his ears . 
if you wire those two with an ecg , you can see that the right brain vessels are interacting with each other , so that we &apos;re starting to understand the freudity of these earliest game motifs and physiology slowly . 
and finally , the best thing -- some of you recognize this photo from the young pete best , the original headquarters of beatles before they got it zigarettes , they &apos;ve taken it from it , and they &apos;ve collected it on a tour . 
so , after i saw this , i worried for eight years , the first thing i do is i do my mobile phone , and i said my marketing and legislation they should call aarp and immediately make a appointment . 
at the 2008 serial play conference , george smoot shows overwhelming new pictures from the depth of space and makes us think about how the cosmos -- with its giant webs of dark matter and mysterious spaces evolved . 
and in kitsecues and many other kinds of desserts , such as shocomousy , tiramisu or vanillepudding , in all the products that are cooled in the supermarket are gelatine to make them look good . 
sheryl wudunns &apos;s book &quot; half of the sky &quot; examines the suppression of women all over the world . their stories are shocking . only when women in developing countries have equal access to educating and economic opportunities , we &apos;re going to cut all our human resources out . 
famously , boycottied at june 16th , 1976 , the south africa &apos;s students taught the language of africaans as a language of suppression , because they sort of wrote it to study everything in africaans -- biology , math -- but what about our languages ? 
modern medicine is danger to lose a powerful , old-fashioned tool : the human touch . doctor and author abraham verghese describes our strange new world , in which patients are just databases , and demand a retreat to traditional cheek investigation . 
philosophers martha nusstree refused to this quote , &quot; so over the course of history , certain disgust apparatations -- oveillance , bad smell , diarrhea , pink -- repeated and associated with ... 
in the jack-hills in west australia , zircons are deconstructed , these circons from the jack-hillside west australiens tell us about a few hundred million years after the planetary origin , where there were plenty of water and perhaps even life . 
a lot of people think that the boundaries today are no longer playing a role , and parag khanna tells you that they &apos;re doing it . with maps of today , khanna explains the main causes of global limitations and offers for every single one simple and intelligent solution . 
typical example : when the sultan &apos;s elephant came to london , only nine months after the seven / 7 , a londoner wrote , &quot; for the first time since the london bombattat called my daughter with happy in her voice . 
together , they reached these results : they increased the number of people who are taking anti-retroviral , life-saving anti-aids drugs , reduced malaria deaths by nearly half ; killed so many that there were saving 5.4 million lives . 
here we see the role of a novel coalition of social-media-gigantes and start-ups , telecommunications companies , reality tv deformats , and game companies all together in a kind of &quot; we are the world &quot; moment . 
every dot you can click on and look at it in detail , and here we go , &quot; i would just feel so much better if i could rent myself into his arms and love for me in the embrace of his body and the sanitation of his lips . &quot; 
he &apos;s thinking -- it &apos;s , of course , just a concept -- to inject scripts in spermatozoes , i don &apos;t know how to say in english -- platmatazoi -- so they &apos;re almost going to have a song , or anyone in ejakulation write a whole poem . 
if you hear an expert talking about the internet that this and can do this , or you should counteract it to the same skepticism as you thought of an economist would cross the economy , or a meteorologist , or weather . 
natalie merchant : her new album leave your sleep , &quot; the texts of almost forgotten potuses from the 19th century mate with her unconfused voice to an excitement that inspired the audience . 
and so in the next step , we &apos;re going to have an elephant in front of the scenario and this elephant has to be smart enough to stop and not draw on the rope -- because when he draws the rope , it disappears and the test is over . 
it was important for another reason : this mission is international and the event was celebrated in europe , in germany . the celebratory talks were held in english actors and american and french , italian and dutch . 
you could be creative in education ; you could be culturally creative ; you can be creative in institutions , but a lot of our work is in the field of technological creativity , innovation , either in the form of contemporary innovations or in traditional form . 
this was the big difference between the many attempts before to create change before we thought and the government was commanding us -- and sometimes it even matched -- that change was forced us , and people were beaming , because they thought it was foreign to their culture . 
and if you remember the story of sisyphos , he was punished by the gods to roll the same rocks down a hill , and when he was near the end , the rocks rolled down , and he had to start again . 
the lxd electronizes the stage of ted2010 with a newly emerging global culture of the street run by the internet . in this preview , von jon chu &apos;s new internet series , the amazing dance force proposes its superpowers . 
the united states had developed some nuclear weapons in the manhad project , and the idea was very simple : we use the power of the atom to end the graves and the horror of this infinite second world war , where we were involved in europe and pacific . 
you can have regenerative brakes , you can have drive-by-wire , you can have accessible diamonds -- it &apos;s a little thing that starts with a hybrid , but can lead to a whole new era of cars . 
and of course , there are tremendous practical applications associated with this world -- things like smallpox eradication , which is the beginning of a vaccinal vaccine against uterminal cancer , which , as we know now , is most of the human paflomavirus . 
for a period of time that i think is the sixth crust and infinitely spectacular hour of the day , the resonators at four o &apos;clock in the press are pretty negative -- and it &apos;s very , very , very different media , from a wide name . 
christien meindertsma , author of pig 05049 , is exploring the amazing afterlife of a typical pig whose parts find their way in at least 185 non-meat products from tissue bullets to artificial hearts . 
and now , when we go back to the abalone shell , when we get back to the abalone , we get a lot excited about their nanostructure , and when a male and a female abalone together , they pass genetic information that says , &quot; this is how you build a pre-general material . 
and we fishing with foundations , which means that you &apos;re going to have a counterstand the size of a saddle of several tons of weight depends on a big chain , and slip it across the sea floor to catch the soil and catch fish . 
in effect , if we treat cancer patients with antiangiogenic therapy , here &apos;s an experimental drug for a gliom -- which is a kind of brain tumor ; you can see that dramatic changes occur when the tumor is hunted . 
we agreed , we would understand the word in our groups , if we were to witness this kind of bordering talk that can protect and paranoia delight to capture from those rings to the edges . 
here you can see how a beautiful design process with physical models and quantitative and qualitative methods has been really designed to create a solution at the end , which is really integrated into architecture and embracing all the aspects . 
and what the farmer is going to get is every single individual part that was made outside the scale and was delivered on a truck to the construction site , this farmer , with a set of these phone books . 
wind energy produces something more , 2.5 watts per square meter , but that &apos;s just twice as much as 125 watts per square meter , so that means , you literally wanted to cover the entire energy needs in any form with wind-farms , you &apos;d have to cover half the united kingdom with it . 
and we &apos;ve introduced a progression dynamic through the visit of the same spaces again and again , through the absolute of challenges , through the contact recording , they move a green bar from the left side of the screen , and they get rewards eventually . 
in this inspiring talk , coral reef ecologist jeremy jackson puts the shocking istate of the ocean : overfishing , overheated , polluted , polluted with evidence that the situation is going to bend . amazing photos and statistics deliver arguments . 
while i was in clinical medicine , cermatology , oncology , and stem cell transplant , instead of regulating fda , we had only substances like arsen , thaldomid and chemical derivative of senfgas . 
when i go back from this global view and look at the implications of a similar period of time in terms of the technology that is a kind of tool for gestages , and reporting our experience as a company -- i &apos;m just showing this through a little selection of projects -- how do you measure the change of technology ? 
and i was uncomfortable with the idea that a building was going to be in the size of the museum in washington -- about 4,500 square feet -- in this tenacious hill , and you &apos;re going to go to galleries -- spaces with doors kind of trust -- to tell the story of the holocaust . 
this attempt hall has developed one of my postgraduate students , gaby maimon , now at rockefeller university , and it &apos;s actually a simulator where you can put an electrode in the brain of the fly and then make a genetically identical neuron . 
western countries tend to drop almost half of their food away , not because it &apos;s not edible , but because it doesn &apos;t look appetifying , tristram confronts us with the shocking mass of wasteful food and applies to a responsible outcome with the resources of our earth . 
the anthropologist wade davis looks at the global web of belief and ritual that makes us human . he shows us stunning images and shares the elder brothers , a group of indians from sierra nevada whose spiritual practices hold the world in balance . 
and now , at the point of the mouse click , there &apos;s a shooting and drawing , doing things that you would expect . like on my real desk , i can -- i just want to reach out this guy -- i can put things in sticks instead of just in the usual dna . 
i was at the point where i used a stoppue and i painted randomly kittens , and it didn &apos;t take me anywhere . so i went back and i left all my paintings in the arno , and i thought i &apos;d just start playing around . 
what is happiness and how can we get it ? the buddhist monk of biochemist matthieu ricard says we can train our minds in the habits of well-being to create a true sense of serenity and fulfillment . 
you call up your friend , you place your audience in a robot and a boom ! you &apos;re a mebot -- you can pick eye contact , you can talk to your friends you can move , you can manipulate -- maybe the second thing for actual presence , right ? 
and in fact , with only those two input -- so the shape of randomness and pressure -- you can define an unlimited number of lenses that cover the number of human interruptive errors from minus 12 to plus eight dioptrics to four dioptrics of the cylinder . 
but more remarkably than the wild force coming out of the source was the recklessness that was released with this force -- the equality , the lack of planning , which has drew the operation from the drill to the wheels . 
and because of this talk , we got a big article in the new york times , which led to more press , more attention , and i decided to become the ceo of this corporate -- where i was just a consultant , venture capital and drive the process . 
and one of the amazing predictions of quantum mechanics , just by looking at the arousal of atoms -- the same theory describes the transistors -- is that there can be stars in the universe that have reached the end of their life bigger than exactly 1.4 stars . 
sheena iyengar explores how we make decisions -- and what we feel about consolation decisions . at tedglobal , she talks about both trivial decisions and profound and talks about her groundbreaking research that reveals some surprising ways of our decisions . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
but below the surface , there &apos;s about a 6 million euros teoth &apos;s heggregat of the drill , regularly diving like an instrument of the biopsy , hundreds of meters deep into the ice to extract gases and isotope from the interior . 
for example , grain programs that are a mixture of ebulls and veragulations for all of the random vehicles to pay the price of inefficient cars and dementing a savings savings efficient vehicles . 
it turns out that -- you can see this sign of almost all commercial vehicles in the united states -- and you know that if you destroyed some gallons of oil , they would grow a lot more than hair . 
in this entertaining and closing talk , dan phillips performs us through a dozen houses that he has recycled and returned materials in texas . extracting low-tech tech details will restore their own creativity ! &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
in zambia , filmmaker franco sacchi takes us on a tour of nollywood , nigeria booming filmmaking . guerilla filmmaking and great pressure under crews who can turn a game within a week . 
and we stayed harmful , and we brought 450 men to grow mustaches , and together we collected 544,000 dollars and donated every cent to the prostate cancer foundation of australia , and this was the biggest donation they had ever received . 
james geary , lovers of aphorisms and writers , thoughts about a fixed component of language : metaphors . metaphern , popular with aristotle artists from elvis to elvis , can almost affect our decisions . 
mircosofts stephen lawler offers us with a brief tour of virtual earth , where he &apos;s heading up at the amazing speed , and moving through his hyper-real neighborhoods , a remarkable masterpiece that takes astonishing amounts of data . 
hans rosling reveals dumping new data visualizations complicated risk factors of one of the most deadly diseases in the world : hiv / aids . he shows that the key to blinking the epidemic is transmitting and not preventing through medication . 
because we &apos;ve solved this problem in province chuand , which is a state of argentina , where punta tombo is about 1,000 kilometers of coast -- but we haven &apos;t solved the problem in northern dargentina , uruguay and brazil . 
well , it seems to me that this hungarian presence in my life seems hard to explain , but i ultimately write it a miracle for people with complex moral awareness -- with a legacy of guilt and defeat , in spite and urgent . 
the sky is evaporating , the most underlying temperature falls below 73 degrees c , the temperate temperatures with the risk-averse environment , helios were left without others , except they were recorded by specific data records and their sensors . 
traditional lab tests for diagnosing diseases can be too expensive and too permanent to the areas they need most . george whitesides &apos; refined solution in this talk from tedxboston is a todsafe instrument that can be made with almost zero costs . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
the first is this : if something &apos;s unique about this research , it &apos;s less science than it was the strategy -- for us , this was a social experiment where we wanted to figure out what happens if we were to be in the earliest phase of chemical science so open and honest as possible . 
in 2011 , a year of extraordinary resistance , began with the arab spring and spread across the world . so why was this resistance so successful ? srja povic describes the plans , skills and tools that need every movement -- from violent tactics to the meaning of humor . 
legendary skeptic james randi takes a deadly dose of homopatic sleeping beds onstage and enters a glowing 18-minute rise of irrational belief . he calls out the lights all over the world : prove that what they do is real , and i &apos;ll give you a million dollars . 
what we &apos;re seeing here is shifting this fuel or publishing process from everyday individual author to collaborative materials divided into module , for individual courses , and for demand , they &apos;re either driven on amazon , or directly a representative , like coop . 
in the course of human evolution , we have multiple species of humans at the same time . are we just putting in half ways in higher development ? juan enriqez is at the tedxsummit and space to bring us to the present -- and shows how technology reveals that might just be a rapid evolution in the gange . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
as she is at the edge of the stage , two libraries are running all over black with pot cancers , and start pouring water on the sand castle . the sand burg starts to drop and park it , but before she does it , the audience is watching black zealy workers dressed . 
he &apos;s smiling so fast in the tropics that we had to get a special vaccine monitor on every single cerebral , so immediately , when the vaccine is exposed to a lot of heat , and we can say the vaccine doesn &apos;t fit for children -- it &apos;s not potent ; it &apos;s not going to protect them . 
why are we arguing ? to confront our options to prove to him the opposite , and to win above all ! -- or not ? philosoph daniel h. cohen shows how the most common kinds of argument -- a war in which a winning and losing -- the true benefits of an active disagreement leaves disagreement . 
in his talk , in the eg conference 2007 , ian dunbar urges us to look at the world with our beloved dogs &apos; eyes , by depositing us into the perspective of our pets , we can gather their love and trust . it &apos;s a message that also has resonance outside the animal world . 
i went on and reflected , &quot; it &apos;s not quite fascinating , this whole collection of data , all of these pictures i &apos;m going to give you and your sister , &quot; the two years later came to the world , &quot; and you can go back and see the moments you can never remember it with your biological memory . &quot; 
during this first chapter , there was a powerful public awareness of the harm potential of a nuclear disaster , and a permanent picture was burned into our collective memory that a nuclear holocaust would mean global destruction and , in a way , the end of our civilization today . 
and to do this , which meant to create the flakeholders that have ever been accomplished , which meant that long bridges had to be built over flusstans -- this is the highlands of maidenhead -- and long tunnels , like the box in wiltshire . 
again , we drill holes in the size of a 10-centch piece into the skull and put an electrode in it , and then it &apos;s completely under the skin , connected to a pacemaker in the breast , similar to a remote control , we can regulate how much electricity we want to put into these areas of the brain . 
then , when you leave the imax kino in the fourth floor -- these are mostly teenagers -- you get a big area that &apos;s been designed with these tables , and the tables are very funny , and the games were also designed by durrel &#91; bishop &#93; and andrew &#91; hirniak &#93; by itch . 
well , the moon doesn &apos;t have an atmosphere , so the micrometeorites take a long time , and the entire surface of the moon is now covered with dust , because it &apos;s bombarded over four billion years from micrometeorites , and when micrometeorites come in to 100,000 miles an hour , they &apos;re blocking it in contact . 
but it turns out the key to information from modern experimental technologies is pretty sophisticated -- it &apos;s going to make them easier to support my life with something useful , more sophisticated than the head-tail-story -- namely , computer-and-mathematical models and modern statistical procedures . 
what is this ? this is the first transplant in which you take the dna operating system out of a cell and put it into another cell and then start the cell up as a new way . this was a month ago . you &apos;ll see things next month that will be as important as this stuff . 
it &apos;s proportionally greater than other species , and it involves a lot of cognitive functions , like decision-making finance , planning , what you do next week , next week or next year , blocking unappropriate behavior , prevents you to say something really risky or stupid . 
over the next 50 years , the world &apos;s population will grow to nine billion -- and by improving the standards of the poorest standards , we can invade population growth . this is the paradoxical answer that hans rosling reveals at ted @ cannes with the help of a colored new data visualization method . 
that &apos;s why i put the glycine back green and the alanine red , and the serine -- that &apos;s the letter s -- purla . and you see that the upper unit can become almost entirely built out of green and red as the lower unit refers a substantial amount of purple . 
on december 29th , deember surrounded u.s. troops a sioux camp at a bach called wounded knee and massacred the chief big foot and 300 warfare prisoners with a new rapid fire weapon called hotchiss protetz , firing shocks off . 
we see companies like the brazilian corporate fibria , which has found a way to avoid the deforestation of the old forests , and instead use eucalyptus , and at the same time higher returns per hectar paper and make a lot more paper than deforestation of those old trees . 
so what we &apos;re talking about is the kind of inflatable tubes that adapt to the complex topological shape inside of a cave , and from locally inflated air , to be manufacturing with topology , and different ways of getting breathases out of the inner material of the body . 
everything in the world is present in africa , and you can &apos;t discuss a universal access to hiv drugs for this jellyfish up here with the same strategy as for the bottom here , the improvement in the world , needs to be discussed , and is not relevant to the regional level . we need to be executive . 
now , someone here will change it , but everything is not flat on the screen is a new dimension , smaller , smaller , smaller to the microscopic depths of space itself . the idea is , you could have more charged dimensions here , here &apos;s a little chalk of a circle -- so small we don &apos;t see it . 
but these are early uses of illusions , but -- sort of brisant in hans hols , who were using ambassadors . hans holbein worked for heinrich viiiiii. this was a picture of a wall where you could come down the staircase and see this hidden skull . 
because if everybody believes that the success of a company depends almost entirely entirely on the decisions of the matter , the difference of behavior seems a little more just than if you admit that there is a large part of the corporate following following following that is actually somewhere else in small parts of the tactical activity . 
can opharvest be so sexy ? the wonderful sopranistin danielle de niese talks to her collaborator arie , &quot; my lips , they kiss so hot &quot; from the operette guiditta of franz ler : ingrid surgenor . 
bakers and rivers dry because of overuse . rob harmon has deployed a skilled market mechanism to bring water back . landfutures and brewers find that their fortunes are connected by the fascinating , ancient history of prickey peaches . 
av : yeah , and then you &apos;ve got his first child . and you &apos;re going to get back to this higher and deep point -- to the top points , the first smile , if your kid ever read you , to the bottom of the points , is usually our home between six and seven at night . 
it seems that in this phase of your life , you &apos;re personally in the state of confrontation with some kind of disagreement -- i suppose it &apos;s an electromagnetic force that somehow parkinson &apos;s , and that creative force , which is the same of the artist and now is the thrilling of their entire life . 
so some societies , because of subtle environmental factors , are more fragiler than others , and then finally another generalization , because i was teaching students at ucla about these collapses of societies , and what really couldn &apos;t understand my ucla-students is why these societies couldn &apos;t see what they were doing ? 
they were buried away as a limestone brothers , and in the 18th century , one of them was crashed in some of these big security threats , so the government has arranged the reinforestation of the existing brothers , and they were digging new controls to monitor and to monitor the whole . 
now , it feels like i had forgotten to take the light , and what was so good news yesterday is grim and gray and it looks like the world is going to move , or maybe i don &apos;t know , you know , you &apos;re ok , you &apos;re going to be going to sing through this text , and now you &apos;re just going to sing that text hey , you &apos;re fine , you &apos;re all going to suck it up , and now you &apos;re fine it &apos;s fine , and now you &apos;re all going to be fine through your breath , you &apos;re all right , you &apos;re going to go through your breath , and you &apos;re going to be okay , you &apos;re going to just going to go through your awesome , and you &apos;re going to be okay , you &apos;re going to go through it &apos;s going to be fine . 
now , the professional theater community of today is not defined by shaw and stratford , sonden of the cornerstone theater in los angeles , an artistic collective that brought 10 railing religious communities together -- bahia , muslims , jews , even american residents and gay communities , and helped them create their own individual songs and a huge piece of beliefs in which they think they were the differences of their imaginative and the first step of overhead . 
we &apos;ve been working on this as an alternative source of energy before long , with johnson and johnson , to run the ibot , because the best batteries you could get -- 10 watt-hours per kilogram per kilogram , 20 watt-hours per kilogram of nickel-cadumes -- 40 hours a kilogram per kilogram in nick-metal hydrum , 60 watt-hour kilograms per kilogram per kilogram , 850 hours per kilogram on every kilogram car or half an electric car . 
they have access to profitable drug trafficking in their hand , but since they control all the michoacn , they also use the harbor lzaro crdenas , they &apos;ll use this infrastructure . for example , they trade legal copper from michoacn against illegal ephea in china , which is a critical precursor for the methamphetamin , which is also a larger partnership of the united states with the products that place their products . 
but because of some panels , he managed to dress up from london to nigeria , where loud of our constitution , those who have a governor of a governor of presidents innested -- as in many other countries -- could enjoy the immunity and not be tracked . but what happened was , people were so excited about these things that parliament was able to go because of his official labels , and he was official . 
win butler : well , our lives are almost equivalent to now our lives are almost hope for what pure can burden the something pure can last ooh we used to wait oh we used ooh we used to wait wait for sometimes it ever came down to pain for wait for lonto wait for it to wait for it to wait : i think if there &apos;s one thing you should take from my talk today , it &apos;s a powerful interface that can be a powerful powerful instrument . 
and -- -- -- the nurse gets a flake , and i move my head and try to see people , and i get over this bizarre memory of how i raise money in college for the victims of flutkatastrophe in bangladesh , and then i look up , and my narcose doctor tilts me the mask over and i think , &quot; he looks at bangladesh -- and i just have these two things , &quot; and i think , &quot; somehow , that might be right . &quot; 
and it &apos;s also a strange one : in 1974 , during the production of a bizarre comedy sequel to the &quot; trace of the falcon &quot; the black bird , &quot; george segal , the los angeles county museum of art stolen a greek of the maltese falcon -- one in six original pools , i think the film was made for the film . many people believed it was a new film for the new . 
after he switched to the north pole , lewis pugh slammed that he would never swim again into such cold water , and then he heard about the imja sea at mt . everest -- a huge amount of water at an altitude of 5300 meters that just recently came out through molten glacier ice -- and undertaken a journey that would teach him a whole new attitude about two things : swim and changing the climate change . 
the early diagnosis of disruptive images of the autistic spectrum can improve the lives of all affected individuals , but the complex judge spot makes it incredibly difficult to anticipate . at tedxpeachtree , ami clits a new method of early detection that uses eye-tracking technologies to judge the skills of social interaction with babies and the risk that they develop autism is reliable . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
when jungianist visited abmahl afghanistan , she saw the inner wounds of war -- widespread despair , traumata and depression , especially in this country , with his 30 million people , only two dozen psychiatrists . missmahl talks about her work that she contributes to building the psycho-social support system of the country , which is not only the individual healing , but also national healing . 
how do you read a second thousand years old manuscript , which was erupted , broken , script and fed ? with a powerful particle accelerator , of course , handwriting conservator william noel tells the fascinating story of archimedes palimpst , a byzantine book , which has previously unknown original texts of the greek earchy and other . 
when senior fellow cesar ada came from the catastrophic effects of the bp oil pest in the gulf of mexico in 2010 , he took his dream job and moved to new orleans to develop a more efficient way of connecting the oil . he designed a highly maneuverable , flexible boat , can clean up the vast areas , but rather than making profit , he decided to develop an open development . 
in order to overcome our inknowledge , which affects the role of brain chemistry , it helps -- as we say biologists -- working with model models of preceding animals like fruit flies and lab mice , where we can try and test genetic techniques to be able to identify molecular neurons in the same way that you &apos;ve heard in the morning of jones . 
sendil mullainathan , winner the genius grant of the american mac arthur foundation , takes a special kind of social problem with the eyes of behavioral economists -- those that we could solve , but we can &apos;t do it . we can reduce child mortality from diarrhea , we can avoid blindness in diabetics , we know how to use solar technology -- but we don &apos;t do it . why ? 
while the political rehearsal continues on yemen , yemen times &apos; yemen times , nadia al-sakkaf , at tedglobal with gastberin pat mitchell . the independent english-speaking newspaper al-sakafs is critical for communicating news -- and for communicating a new image of yemen and women in this country as equal partners in work and in a country . 
through a spinal cord injury , the communication between the brain and the body is interrupted . this leads to a paralysis . right from the lab , grgoire courtine shows a new way : using the combination of drugs , electronic stimulation , and robots can be activated back the pathways , and the body learns to move . look at how a paralyzed rat can go back and arise . 
so , according to non-governmental organizations that are raising statistics like this , since 1945 in europe and america , there has been a huge decline of interstate wars , deadly ethnic imrows or pogromen and military butschen , even in south america . there was a greater decline of deaths in interstate wars worldwide , and the yellow balances represent the number of deaths per year from 1950 to today . 
and over their pockets , they &apos;re three to four thousand meters of water that drives a huge pressure and puts water into the cracks against the ground , until it hits a macro chamber , where it &apos;s overheated and summed with minerals . then it changes its flow direction , and starts shooting back to the surface , where it &apos;s imitated from the earth , like a sir yellowstone . 
collecting data for global health workers didn &apos;t look bad : workers migrated through villages , pinging to doors and asking questions , wrote the answers to paper , and put it into the computer -- and based on these locked information , countries have important decisions . data freak selanikio tells the breakthrough this process in the last decade -- from palm pilot and hotmail to cloud-based technology . 
all of them were incredibly excited about curiosity , and they had a big plutonium battery on board , which includes plutonium 238 , which has a higher specific activity than the weak enriched uranium into these liquid salt reactors , which means that their effects were insignificant , because you &apos;re cold and you &apos;re actually starting the reactor in space . 
the challenges of environmental conservation are the same three categories , and most of the time , we think of local environmental issues : air pollution , water pollution , toxin waste sales , but there are also local environmental problems like clean rain from the west to the northeast and western europe to the arctic and the midwest from the mississippi to the gulf of mexico . 
and then you have to notice that if lego supports cad programs , there &apos;s an open source of independent lego cad program where you can restore 3d models and 3d , in fact , movies from lego 3d films where thousands are on youtube , and there are some reported films , and some have absolutely identical content , and people are making all sorts of different films . 
anyway , soon they were bombarded with the greatest letters of death , a sperm to publish this issue in some scientific journals that were recommended linkshes and their lawyers , and they were literally afraid to open their mail because of the toxic capabilities and the mosquito that they were complaining out of unawareness . 
okay , how many swedish decision makers , politicians and leaders use from the economy every day , u.s. based services , like windows or osx , or facebook , or linkedln , or are they storing their data in external networks like icloud or skydrive , or drug services like amazon web services , or selling their support ? 
when nancy lublin started sending teenagers text to her half her social projects , she found something shocking out -- they started writing her back and reported her own problems from draning depressions to abuse , so she was just teaching a hotline for sms , and the results may be much more important than they expected . 
and this is the largest growth area of all , and at least six out of 10 people in this room will die in this way , namely , at the rise of the performance is copied with increasing power ; and computational rights belonging to aging . rising computing is now the most common cause of death . the last year or the last year , unfortunately , with huge impairment . 
researcher deb roy wanted to figure out how his new born son learns the language -- he designed his home with video cameras to capture every moment of his son &apos;s life . then he parked 90,000 hours of home video to watch &quot; gaaa &quot; slow &quot; water . &quot; a surprising data researcher with farming consequences for our learning . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
fashion designer isaaac mizrahi walks through a sweeping collection of inspections -- from pinups &apos; 50s to a random look at a solo christian shirt that lets him call the taxi . &quot; in his swising talk , valuable ways for a happy , creative life . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
modern psychopharmatics are treating the chemistry of the entire brain , but neurobiologist david anderson believes in a more differential notion of how the brain works . he shares new research findings that could lead to a targeted psychiatric medicine -- that avoides better and side effects . how does it do it ? in the beginning , he makes a series of fruit flies . 
moses ! -- the guys in michael morpurgos , friend or enemies ; alem in benjamin zephaniahs &quot; refugee boy ; luke skywalker ! oliver twist ; cassia in hong yings , &quot; the shanghai kubine ; &quot; in alice walker , &quot; the color purple . &quot; 
you take a problem which is not soluble by a mathematical answer , and you have an evolutionary system for multiple ratings search , you add sex -- which means you &apos;re going to take half the first and half a second solution and create new mutations -- and then you &apos;re using natural selection to kill good solutions . 
