they offer it to try . 
this is our average budget . 
so there &apos;s nothing coming through . 
it was a tremendous success . 
this hope kept me alive . 
the jack of spades find . 
their voters are locally . 
i make my experiences exponentially . 
some of them are very simple . 
this person doesn &apos;t exist today . 
thank you very much . 
lg : welcome to happen . 
their children play instruments . 
this is what makes me crazy . 
south africa plays a role . 
thank you . 
but one day something happened . 
it &apos;s true for lincoln . 
you can &apos;t catch me . 
delusions fake . 
pull the node . 
unpredictable dangerous . 
you can &apos;t catch me . 
behavioral markers matter . 
a coat hangers . 
you &apos;re out there . 
a new life was born . 
but now one last thing . 
totally changes by people . 
thank you very much . 
this boy is called messoud . 
people didn &apos;t know anything about things . 
it has an extremely important function . 
there was no margarine . 
even this problem was too complicated . 
powerful feelings can create a model . 
because we can &apos;t solve problems . 
nm : not too quick . 
you can use it at ted . 
uff ... mini-mes . 
they would be numbers . 
it was overwhelming . 
because nobody really cares . 
schools can &apos;t be bunkers . 
but it was really brutal . 
1.6 million deaths worldwide . 
art is the highest target . 
thank you all . &quot; 
i had never seen an internet . 
because i &apos;m hiv-positive . 
this is five times the size . 
second , it drives by itself . 
in 2006 , a great year . 
momentum has grown up . 
i &apos;m not sure myself . 
but i can taste things . 
almost out of kindergarten . 
i just wanted a video camera . 
it &apos;s our invisible reality . 
you know very little about them . 
i was wrong with a lot of things . 
correct dependence on this person . 
and something else happens a lot . 
the rules are confusing . 
i want to show you this photo . 
some conspirations are real . 
the net has two components . 
so we have to adapt . 
i &apos;m going to study at aims . 
don &apos;t give up the wall . 
there &apos;s also a flip side . 
this is a huge task . &quot; 
they had some speakers there . 
this is a collaboration with stanford . 
a man comes to the psychiatrist . 
a great source of stem cells . 
thank you for listening . 
every spike gives 37 . 
but i had a lot of fun . 
we took over the movie . 
all these technologies can be used . 
but it &apos;s also true for adults . 
it &apos;s right after video games . 
it sounds totally silly . 
but people live on this country . 
there are no quick solutions . 
this story started four years ago . 
he landed under the car . 
feynman loved this story . 
i was inspired by a friend . 
he immediately understood what had happened . 
their metaphor is mobutu . 
these are my daughters . 
commentator : there he is . 
the next movement is called mobs . 
take a step for step . 
i married 26 children . 
i wish you a great conference . 
i &apos;m built for eternity . 
someone needs to have the front legs . 
it &apos;s a very powerful job . 
i love this formulation . 
they missed the imagery . 
i start with the business world . 
i fell down the face . 
so soundscape is important . 
it &apos;s approaching the zero . 
i have some questions for you . 
i didn &apos;t think that . 
here &apos;s another asteroid . 
here are some of the youngest images . 
you can email them . 
so he tried it with plan b . 
these are survivors . 
they would be below my level . 
there &apos;s another stage . 
now i have three different results . 
and then we come to this picture . 
we can see all sorts of faces . 
they &apos;re quite engaged . 
suddenly , we get to the possible . 
you don &apos;t always have to sit . 
so the fishermen start more . 
it just amazed me . 
guns are not part of our lives . 
they get so many things . 
so i had this tv show . 
it has 130 octants . 
be proud to have you . 
but i wish it would be better . 
it &apos;s a nice motivator . 
i think that &apos;s just fascinating . 
this is the current business model . 
but it borns me a little bit . 
for us , he meant freedom . 
they &apos;re farmers and factory workers . 
we did this in three steps . 
it &apos;s not covered with ice . 
let me ask you one question . 
dp : thank you very much . 
we have superstar banker . 
a photo is not enough . &quot; 
you and your kids are fine . 
unfortunately , the answer is yes . 
let &apos;s look at a clip . 
that gave me greater confidence . 
the classrooms don &apos;t have walls . 
there &apos;s a lot of different elements . 
the short answer to that is play . 
this is a 15-year-old boy . 
i was so drunk . &quot; 
we &apos;ve been interested in this for generations . 
they were together during the behavior . 
so i went from there . 
which made me feel nervous . 
this building , i was setting up in japan . 
now we have effective therapies . 
i was born in algeria . 
it goes back to the instincts . 
the date was february 2000 . 
i want to close with some quotations . 
but look at what we &apos;ve done today . 
average is 65 percent . 
everything is from very simplistic material . 
so i think it &apos;s too simple . 
every project we make a movie . 
and then finally , electric vehicles . 
but then paul went to the water . 
it has no priority . &quot; 
but that &apos;s not what &apos;s going on today . 
fg : i don &apos;t know . 
so nature has self-similar structures . 
there must be something better . &quot; 
i can &apos;t connect with you . 
&quot; he was smiled . 
we &apos;ve all heard of these things . 
she &apos;s about my friend of fuel . 
this is him without any use . 
i think this is an interesting question . 
values are a kind of facts . 
i have a global vision as a vision . 
no matter where you live in the world . 
the earth moved for both . 
they &apos;ve lost anything in the way . 
it certainly was challenging . 
i love these gallianos . 
the machine itself would start the music . 
and i like that kind of reaction . 
let &apos;s talk first about biology . 
this one is called &quot; durst . &quot; 
then , of course , the answer is 99 percent . 
i was born in new york city . 
humanity is going to describe this path . 
i ended up in every tv show . 
a print for 125 . 
but liberation costs money too . 
they resolve themselves in a few months . 
it &apos;s about the state of the planet . 
and yet nobody has listened to you . 
it was a pretty successful evening . 
that throws up all sorts of questions . 
he had an answer to it . 
i could use it alone by thinking . 
please remember the empore . 
first , she tried knitting . 
i &apos;m now 43 years old . 
the man is supposed to wait half an hour . 
i &apos;m going to show you how it works . 
and they have to reframe everything . 
this is a place called san francisco . 
it &apos;s part of our collective story . 
but you have to look at context . 
the technological revolution opens the world . 
this can be an important contribution . 
it &apos;s the same theory of gravity . 
we need to make the right moral decision . 
bb : i was born old . 
we &apos;re just trying to improve our lives . 
and then i started skydiving . 
100 years ago , we didn &apos;t know . 
they &apos;re not big for us . 
it &apos;s learning a lot from its mistakes . 
let &apos;s think about data for a second . 
but it wasn &apos;t quite that simple . 
only one at the same time is possible . 
we don &apos;t do anything with these cells here . 
most of these cities are growing incredibly fast . 
this is an amazing spreadsheet . 
we have this database of things . 
my life would not be the same thing . 
they read about it in their newspapers . 
and we define ourselves of these differences . 
there are these assistants everywhere . 
it didn &apos;t happen just a few times . 
we are obsessed with this thinking . 
we need to make this accessible to everybody . &quot; 
this is how hydrophile does a surface . 
here &apos;s the biggest challenge for innovation . 
it doesn &apos;t give us useful information . 
they get conscious and autonomy . 
they were removed from the gene pool . 
i &apos;m going to show you that . 
they &apos;re all making aspects of work . 
this was a logistic problem . 
there is no conductor . 
and by doing so , it &apos;s extremely dangerous . 
so we came up with these two rules . 
i have to point here in some ways . 
now we put the two things together . 
i work with absolutely brilliant people . 
i found the word scaffolding great . 
but in fact , it &apos;s quite robust . 
here &apos;s an example from this study . 
we want to present to you another piece . 
they couldn &apos;t just go on like this . 
but of course , scientists couldn &apos;t help . 
i just couldn &apos;t teach them . 
it &apos;s about focus and presence . 
this is a video of the prototype . 
there are graphic designers . really ? 
and yet , these dates are there . 
the whole thing was not happening tomorrow . 
&quot; poor nations need relief goods . &quot; 
and the frog mode . 
so let &apos;s filter it out . 
so much to political will . 
and europe has not been sent out . 
the poll takes longer than a day . 
the atomic bomb enters the stage . 
this is called the grandmother effect . 
but it &apos;s a great fun for kids . 
and we &apos;re all vulnerable . 
the other application has practical value . 
you might think of something supernatural . 
fortunately , we could convince congress . 
the first gentleman is a baker . 
what we &apos;re talking about today is just as complicated . 
so i have to make a lot of decisions . 
that &apos;s a lot of impact for 14 words . 
and something since then came to me . 
that would be bad for economy and cities . 
so i tried to take measurements . 
that &apos;s exactly what we did 10 years ago . 
so what i want to show you today . 
it &apos;s not just about survival . 
i didn &apos;t work very far away at the time . 
that &apos;s what i did from my life . 
only half of states is participating . 
it actually works like a big iphone . 
i &apos;m a designer and a educator . 
and let me show you what happened . 
so the seemingly impossible is possible . 
but they want to use it -- seriously . 
it was three days , four meals . 
and i talked about availability . 
and the world population will stop growing . 
he was working in a factory . 
it &apos;s used as a symbol of transformative . 
they get something slightly more complicated . 
but it was a little boring . 
everybody : i am my connectome . 
that &apos;s more with less and less . 
we also like to take them apart . 
we also need choice for people . 
i think it &apos;s our collective intelligence . 
this is just one of the benefits of it . 
it &apos;s good to motivate students . 
half of them were donating on the internet . 
this is another tribal leader . 
and the mother is already at the high age . 
here &apos;s a wonderful fractal . 
is all this worked out ? no . 
we need them today to be more than ever before . 
this is the power of organic design . 
so we turn to the literature . 
we can &apos;t have an answer to everything . 
the world needs an international forum . 
this is very exciting for the musicians . 
it &apos;s flown around the world . 
these little boys are in nepal . 
and this is how he makes the map . 
the survivors were one after another . 
i want to take you on a journey . 
here &apos;s &quot; candycity . &quot; 
i know a woman who can do well . 
but we need to get architecture better . 
your baby will not be infected . &quot; 
you can really learn a language with this . 
adg : to persuade people . 
the next phase she achieved acquiring . 
there is no country in the ocean at all . 
i &apos;m also talking about christianity . 
they &apos;re all montated on my instrument . 
these were in maybe six different colors . 
this is a multimedia-tasker . 
but the mistakes went in a good direction . 
so far , we &apos;ve been working with over 300 . 
the bush administration didn &apos;t even answer . 
why ? because they want our diamonds . 
it &apos;s similar to a jet . 
it &apos;s a big challenge for the future . 
now let &apos;s look at another movie . 
but yet , we look at the parts . 
i &apos;m in the water with these fish . 
i &apos;ll come back to color again and again . 
i did exactly how she responded . 
and that &apos;s led to specialization . 
that &apos;s our job as a cosmologist . 
contagious is a good word . 
i have a series of inventions . 
chris bangle says , great cars are art . 
they get the best from both worlds . 
and we don &apos;t want to wait another hundred years . 
maybe they don &apos;t want to live just like us . 
the design of the body is a different story . 
and what &apos;s going on ? new life . 
get a job and get out of the goats . 
ts : these are durable magnets . 
but i think it &apos;s beautiful . it &apos;s not ? 
i painted it directly on the man . 
it &apos;s based on buying power parity . 
and a little kid in the back was like this . 
i want to show you a few of these today . 
and then finally , it starts again and grows . 
i met a man -- the guy on the left . 
you can just make it right in front of the ground . 
now it &apos;s a serious game . 
the foot is distributed throughout the leg . 
you want to hear it in different rooms . 
so it goes in there and stays there . 
but i &apos;m not talking about that question . 
the larvae needs to evolve very quickly . 
sherman is in the hairsky . 
now , this is the pantheon . 
and one day we went to meet a meeting . 
they go to eddy in lagos . 
i did a little calculation on this . 
it branches from the human form . 
so this is our biological approach today . 
but they don &apos;t get us directly through light . 
tumor cells can travel through the ages . 
it &apos;s the heart of medical care . 
and we also took samples of the outdoor air . 
&quot; let &apos;s read this letter to us . 
now , is there any alternatives to this ? 
and finally , the chinese attacked . 
i &apos;m flooding the dive . 
we took our attention to the problems . 
tell me what &apos;s going on ! 
and then we &apos;ll open more centers . 
and this is just a representation . 
and the snapshot goes . 
i wasn &apos;t very good at reading things . 
and sequel is really a real car . 
and this is hedy lamarr . 
and they sat there for months . 
and you could put needles in them . 
so that &apos;s more or less what we expect . 
don &apos;t worry about numbers . 
and again , this is not theoretical . 
i can &apos;t emphasize that at all . 
i come from burkina faso . 
they also form one-third of our food . 
in 5,000 days , all these things have come . 
what if we look at fear differently ? 
and yet , we &apos;re talking a little bit about this . 
he helped in parol at a birth . 
and we see it over and over again . 
we &apos;ve done a lot of research here . 
so these people will be part of the solution . 
one of them is lack of buying power . 
and of course , there &apos;s an app on this . 
not 10 horses , not a hundred men ... 
i said , &quot; that &apos;s kind of a class . 
and not just crossing the ocean . 
technology represents the simple part here . 
the bumblebee doesn &apos;t even say that . 
our design is made for the language of a machine . 
china is symbolized by the kites . 
the phone doesn &apos;t have that delusion . 
now she &apos;s holding the powder sugar . 
and there are breathless apnoe . 
you know what ? here &apos;s a little secret . 
what does that mean ? i have no idea . 
thomas batiuk : hi , eric ! 
it &apos;s a game with 50,000 parts . 
and the reason is , it &apos;s already done . 
these are the next two lines in the movie . 
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m learning . &quot; 
this is an advantage of older people . 
and now people from iran spoke to me . 
cables are &quot; pillow &quot; -- really . 
it &apos;s transparent , and it &apos;s just made for you . 
and that was not a misled feeling . 
and i actually moved to something like this . 
it would change its everyday life , right ? 
but you &apos;ve never seen this before . 
but nobody really showed it , right ? 
but there is global warming . 
for example , think about the finance world . 
doubt and fear always bounce . 
all the people around us are looking at us . 
most of these planets are candidates . 
look at the wars in rwanda . 
let &apos;s call them the killer apps . 
so what happens when this doesn &apos;t happen ? 
do you see what i &apos;m trying to do ? 
it didn &apos;t happen at all . 
i &apos;ll throw it back into your hand . 
seventy-zig percent of the population didn &apos;t want it . 
in this prescription , you also have the cost . 
skeptical , because you should question everything . 
all of these works have come out in the last 75 years . 
i took them out to the street . 
watch him ! this is steve jobs . 
and he finishes them with &quot; thank you . &quot; 
and it comes up to one million people a day . 
it doesn &apos;t seem to work very well , isn &apos;t it ? 
and it &apos;s obviously making a lot of money with this . 
i can dissolve the skin of the solo . 
i had a pretty beautiful life in indiana . 
we all have disabilities in some form . 
well , how could we live without the only ? 
the first number is three : three billion people . 
this is a site in brentwood . 
how long does it take to fill ih ? 
it &apos;s a children &apos;s book for ipad . 
this is a human being down here at the wheel . 
it goes off and takes this model further . 
so they &apos;re allowing light anywhere in the house . 
the person on the left is a sure case . 
what are these noises ? do you ask ? 
and it &apos;s terrible windy over there . 
we &apos;re talking about thousands of suppliers here . &quot; 
and that &apos;s where i saw this : a lot of fish . 
all we got is roomba . 
this is the store during the afternoon . 
i write programs that fit to the world today . 
and most importantly , what causes these clusters ? 
and what do you see ? they &apos;re christians . 
&quot; do you want to try it , france ? &quot; 
and she said , &quot; i &apos;ve learned something today . 
in north korea , i created them myself . 
we started exploring in other areas . 
and she said , just tell you about yourself . 
it was the world &apos;s first geese computers . 
how should i ever experience who are the best ? 
it represents five segments . 
voice 2 : it &apos;s over with neighborhoods . 
it &apos;s completely silent and environmentally friendly . 
and i looked at them under the microscope . 
and this noise is the latest thing . 
it &apos;s also a moment of self-knowledge . 
the idea is called social impact bond . 
the dolphin is on the keyboard . 
i need information , and i need a container . 
this is the key word -- &quot; create . &quot; 
without hearing , they &apos;re not here anymore . 
they &apos;re building their own markets and hospitals . 
but it has a lot of potential at the same time . 
it &apos;s based on hundreds of hours of research and application . 
and people thought , &quot; you &apos;re right . 
in one year , it could be two more steps . 
that means our roof has become a commodity . 
the effects of this are known and seeing everywhere . 
i &apos;m the happiest person in the world . 
i thought , this is going to be my driver . 
it was the greatest realm in the world . 
and they make half of all civil wars . 
here &apos;s an example of solving puzzles . 
so i was trying to get altitude . 
and after einstein , this energy drives the universe . 
and it also comes to the fundamental of things . 
and now the cobra is a new symbol . 
somebody stands up and says , &quot; that &apos;s important . 
it &apos;s a little scary , isn &apos;t it ? 
so children are not empty vessels , right ? 
but it will not be possible in the future . 
i call the answer &quot; antifood wege . &quot; 
this is what we see in this poppy language . 
you should always connect your life and your work together . 
so what do we do ? we keep connecting ourselves . 
but we all use them -- even the toxic ones . 
and say to tony , &quot; here we go . &quot; 
that then attracts more matter , and so on . 
we moved to michael and john whitney . 
let &apos;s compare the old to the new world . 
is it really , how economists behave ? &quot; 
all of his colleagues said , &quot; this is unheard . 
david griffin : how photography connects us 
within three weeks , it &apos;s all over the world . 
and the same pattern appeared in every conflict . 
we didn &apos;t see something similar in africa . 
and i thought about a solution to the problem . 
that &apos;s our first proposal in this field . 
efcharisto and kalinichta . 
this is another kind of work i do . 
and i want my music to be with you . &quot; 
this is the vibrio fischeri molecule . 
and parallel to my cut is my walk . 
europe had to be stored into economic development . 
we don &apos;t see the core reactions in stars . 
so he came to me and knocked on . 
you wonder what they &apos;re doing with this material ? 
my work is -- she reflects my wider . 
and that &apos;s what i do with my furniture . 
this is sort of an optical illusion , right ? 
how is it possible to do it without the brain ? 
and he &apos;s a pretty smart guy , right ? 
bc : we &apos;re entering the atmosphere of mars . 
mixed cultures . mixed cultures increase income . 
in fact , this is an old hat for crows . 
no . there will continue to be paper dictionaries . 
in arkansas , they don &apos;t even ask . &quot; 
two -- and that was the spades two , right ? 
so how do we go from where the galaxy is ? 
what happened when the pnas released that . 
did we talk about the recovery ? it &apos;s coming . 
our school showed &quot; bill nye the science guy . &quot; 
this is not just in the hebrew like this . 
this is a remote center at the university of washington . 
just fold the tracks together and drive them on . 
the point was , &quot; here &apos;s the poor professor . 
maira kalman , the educated woman . 
the constitution of the united states is the gay agenda . 
do you know , when kids do homework tasks at home ? 
but in history , it &apos;s not about those chapters . 
we set up these pieppers in the clinic . 
why is it so important that it goes fast ? 
and i &apos;m actually a little visually impaired myself . 
there &apos;s a complete orchestra in the building . 
so you take a sheet and you put it on the side . 
and nothing we do is more important to our survival . 
and that &apos;s harm . why is that ? 
and they can cost the ingredients in the school garden . 
just ask , &quot; does it serve my interest ? &quot; 
and we ask 10 simple questions -- that &apos;s simplicity . 
it &apos;s called &quot; the story of the captain . &quot; 
you know what ? that &apos;s done in india . 
look at the mental resilience and how it distracts . 
can you show us what a good pilot you are ? 
and they said , &quot; don &apos;t worry about it . &quot; 
every city , every district of reactions . 
who are those characters who are so damn happy ? 
but what can you update about this , right ? 
how hard will it be to find life on mars ? 
we became more social . the social network spread . 
here we have our star field . here are our shapes . 
and our joy of music , etc . ... &quot; 
everything had to be huge . the next picture was even bigger . 
in the u.s. and western europe , it &apos;s eight percent . 
hey : you always see the last place i was in . 
everything i say is -- facts . just facts . 
these are the ketads and the strings . 
the next decade is the decade of games . 
it will be free and work in every browser . 
i &apos;m a neuroscientist , and i studied physics and medicine . 
that sounds like the big brings ; we do that . 
and the other one is called taketa . which one ? 
and turning it off , it &apos;s more or less a zero . 
and these limbs , they form these mechanisms . 
once you have that , the calculations come . 
in this case , we put two chimpanzees next to each other . 
there was no cars , and somehow it seemed better . 
and all the styles were recording , and so we did it . 
if that can be melted , why not us ? 
i &apos;ll tell you how big the power is -- the size of it . 
and then you enter the living room and so on . 
he used wild birds to create art for him . 
how do you make sure it reaches them and improves their lives ? 
now , what happens ? what is a chance ? what is happiness ? 
the middle one on my kitchen table . not a big difference . 
we create meaning through vision , through an act of visual imposal . 
it extends over 800 kilometers . of course , here is india . 
and i say , &quot; kate , what do you want to do ? &quot; 
i could just breathe . i tapped air . 
so i want to end with that . these are my older people . 
this is all &#91; unclear &#93; . thank you for this possibility . 
the consequence was looked at by boltzmann in the 19th century . 
it &apos;s about their electoral district , about their business . 
now , my time runs off . so i want to sing a song . 
&quot; i want to look like this . this is how i looked before . &quot; 
and i read it , and it was -- it was just crap . 
look at me for a minute , and look at the whole development . 
and now you want to imagine your music video . here &apos;s ok go . 
i know the answer to that , but , how do you land ? 
and this is truly the most amazing thing in the world . 
if you look down , you can &apos;t see your feet . 
it was very hot . i was very hungry . 
i made the head . they made the body . 
very advanced , no air conditioning -- i &apos;m excited about it . 
and my question is , how did we get it so far ? 
it &apos;s not going to affect anything . it &apos;s not at any exception . 
there are different technologies . one of them are cell phones . 
this is the mathematics of 80 rule , ok ? 
and then i said , &quot; nets , what do i do ? &quot; 
and then the old ones die again , and they get two billion children . 
believe me . under bed , there &apos;s no good hide . 
i &apos;d always won everything , and now i thought , what ? 
and in them , the role models are quite great sales . 
dr. v : the concept of mcdonald &apos;s is simple . 
it wasn &apos;t a real research report , rather a tirade . 
i couldn &apos;t bring it into a lab and try it . 
we could have circular narratives that are actually round . 
there are two things that can really accelerate this whole process . 
i found this . nature made a picture for me . 
that &apos;s what i did most , almost more than contradiction . 
but later , the government soldiers began to miss us . 
i used to know him , but he was still a boy . 
am i going to get spreads and graphics that i have to paint out ? 
i hope it &apos;s not a snails activists . 
a change in engagement . a new sense of urgency . 
in short , we adore to play their willingness . 
whatever we &apos;re going to do , they &apos;re going to make statistics . 
so i decided to talk to women about their vaginas . 
in fact , it has to be called recovery or return to asia . 
i &apos;m dyslexic , so i &apos;m a little slow . 
you might think these are the teachers with master hatching . 
one of them is another american inventor , ted henter . 
you should get points to do the appointment . 
you can talk to make us a bad conscience . &quot; 
stop on the labels , the borders . 
i attracted my fins . i could barely open my mouth . 
it has changed its economy . it has changed the population . 
and then i quit and started &quot; better place . &quot; 
the question is , how hard would it be to put this together ? 
happiness doesn &apos;t matter us . we need to live with passion . 
and all of this , by the way , is the work of the international astronomical union . 
the dog belongs to a family in mombasa in kenya . 
i didn &apos;t see anybody . this photo was done beside the helicopter . 
and they use the sidewalks and they &apos;re going to deal with it . &quot; 
so you have three samples , so this takes an hour . 
i think these are rather the building blocks of any creativity . 
but there was ascap that she wouldn &apos;t impress that . 
not something you &apos;re going to lose or you want to do that . 
this is a room full of intelligent , highly sensitive people . 
but we shouldn &apos;t have doubt , we should not have fears . 
well , i &apos;ve been whistling since i &apos;ve been four -- something like this since . 
but i &apos;m not going to change anything about those boxes except for their meaning . 
their option is safer . they definitely get some money . 
so the church said that you couldn &apos;t make a vacuum . 
and what do you reserve when you study something ? 
there is no standard set of rules , not even the approach . 
that &apos;s clearly what religions create rituals about important feelings . 
so there in the center , there &apos;s actually most star light coming from there . 
two norwegers did it in the team 2000 , but no one . 
child number two goes back , but always watch his shoulder . 
green belongs to the cooler areas where they &apos;re not stimulated . 
and black bear was running around , and indiander was there . 
when i turned 18 , my best friend died in a car accident . 
if you &apos;ve read this news for a while , it &apos;s just news . 
i said , &quot; mrs. alisch , how do you do ? &quot; 
great writer stuart moore , writing for iron man . 
and this word , george bush called a cross cross . 
down here , i noticed something . did you hear this , sir ? 
this is an answer : what &apos;s beautiful ? miss world . 
you could helicopter 200 people in a train , a great innovation . 
we also see sharks , much more sharks than i would have expected . 
avelile had the virus . she was born with the virus . 
i don &apos;t know why . i didn &apos;t ask him for a condom . 
the deeper you get , the more you get a water in the way . 
first of all , i &apos;d like to say , houston , we have a problem . 
we were lying -- i went to 100 , 200 corporate bofs . 
i come from a privileged family . i &apos;ve been very lucky . 
that &apos;s kind of silly . that &apos;s a replacement action . 
he wrote very , very positive reviews about himself . surprise ! 
so there &apos;s a lot more female players than people are aware of . 
i think we have the money and the brains in the room to do that . 
they never touch the inner matter . there &apos;s more and more coevolution . 
now i &apos;m going to show you what changes like if we &apos;re going on like we &apos;ve been doing so far . 
now , in the popular opinion , nigerians did not read a literature . 
pm : there &apos;s a lot of energy in heir . it &apos;s a lot to learn . 
i don &apos;t have time to go into all the different scientific results . 
and then we say , &quot; ok , how do we order it ? &quot; 
on the banks of a river called indus , in pakistan today . 
don &apos;t let your story out . don &apos;t leave your principles on the door . 
in fact , we don &apos;t want this poor woman to work the land like this . 
today i &apos;m going to talk about young people about the platform of social media . 
if you don &apos;t have the skin of the socks , you don &apos;t have feelings . 
first of all , no real sports -- fan would speak in this way . 
just a word processing , which is just a text processing . 
this is what happened this year . she went to the office office . 
a bigger boat means more fish are caught and brought in . 
i was trying to create a place for law school . 
it makes failure invisible , unthinkable and inevitable . 
we stumbled about when we were looking for missing heat . 
in fact , the battery is not using the tank . 
life is a right , nothing side or random . 
and i can use these patterns today to create origami forms . 
her brand starts to discriminate , and it becomes chaotic . 
my brain told me , &quot; jane , you want to die . &quot; 
i just have enough time to read you a new poem . 
they were assessing opportunities for how little other students and researchers are working on this . 
this was after 9 / 11 , the city was making tough times . 
when you walk down the beach , you see ueberall oil . 
i would knock the chest off , listen to the heart . 
if people disappeared , the same life would flourish . &quot; 
but i sang the slogan . i sang it with everybody else . 
now , it would probably take a few days to animate this by hand . 
it &apos;s important to promote a positive perspective on ourselves . 
some people have already mentioned mentioned by other speakers , which is encouraging . 
we &apos;re going to hear about two people who are affected by these laws . 
what do you mean with data ? what &apos;s the difference -- documents , data ? 
but there are hallucinations too , and hallucinations are completely different . 
that you will be convicted if you don &apos;t say the right creative thing . 
up on the top , there were little diagrams of how to fold origami . 
when i was born , expectations were probably relative to me . 
there are other parasites that sterilize their throat . 
in the winter , you sleep a lot . you enjoy your family life at home . 
we had our own minimal rainforest , a private beach with coral reef . 
pm : we should mention that he works with you at the paper . 
well , let &apos;s talk about a different perspective of the importance of oceans . 
in fact , i suspected that the disease was scientifically occurring . 
and the dragonflies are there telling me how my different contacts are . 
there are a number of other problems with this . it &apos;s very hard to implement . 
but it changes the calculation , which is rational for making sexual decisions . 
ultimately , they began to match their talents and skills to my needs . 
if you could solve them all , you would have a very precise way . 
the more i wanted to talk to him , the more friendly he became . 
only 90 days after that , the greatest discovery of humanity has been made in the last century . 
and then ever say , &quot; no , i &apos;m not going to do that ? &quot; 
what &apos;s important is that they &apos;re not bottlenecks fish . 
want to expand your gaumen , expand your vocabulary . 
and many of them have been told about women , i don &apos;t have to repeat that . 
if you don &apos;t have any open spaces , you have to go there and create open spaces . 
a lot has happened in the last few years . let &apos;s start with the planet . 
simply the percentage of the population thinks you can trust most people . 
the point is that it &apos;s going to be very intriguing . 
expressed in the relevant unit , it &apos;s spectacular little . 
if any of you have an idea for this , please contact me . 
but if you &apos;re like me , my humanity is more like a window . 
we got country to be given by a local garden center . 
but this is the only thing -- no , we were just photographed twice . 
one or two , who knows that ? it could also be something very different . 
he was a very good golfplayer , but he had a disability . 
so nothing is right or wrong with what you do in your life . 
we &apos;ve even been able to get the literary authorship . 
as a test , i propose that we start with american dancers . 
if we could move to the slides please -- ok , they &apos;re there . 
we need this passion and energy to attack global gridlock problems . 
he made up our name and logo . we &apos;re mission motors . 
here &apos;s an excerpt from a national geographic film that came out in 1999 . 
do you have a wallet with yourself ? joe : no , i don &apos;t have . 
and look , they &apos;re all busy ; they &apos;re not turning time to waste . 
look at &quot; salvation &quot; at the bottom , for heaven &apos;s sake . 
this is the great leap forward when china fell off . 
we decided to reuse materials from cement and steel production . 
we &apos;re programmed for something called &quot; success &quot; . 
an african news channel that sends 24 / 7 . 
somehow , we need to understand ourselves in order to avoid our infinity . 
the extinction of a species can slowly complete , but sometimes very quickly . 
what we need is new output strategies for arguments . 
so , it &apos;s actually a multidimensional user interface . 
i forget about time , how bizarre are some of these conversations . 
we still form our messages when it comes to health . 
in such strikes , i always win because i know the tricks . 
it goes downwards . it will go downwards and then go downwards . 
if this idea is truly sustainable , the implications are significant . 
i think he looked very nice as an x-ray . 
let &apos;s put it into the army . we &apos;ll never see it again . &quot; 
well , i went back to the linguistic literature . 
not only with the traditional foot , with the leg and even with the body . 
we don &apos;t do it for the elite and for the people in their glass houses . 
they can call themselves responsible , but accountability mostly doesn &apos;t work . 
it was a big commitment to go to work several times . 
no , we just want one or two monsters on the screen . 
now , imagine a world that &apos;s divided into two halves . 
so this is the gulf of mexico , a radio site full of fish . 
i &apos;m going to reach a lot of things , impress people , and bring it a lot . &quot; 
and for the purposes of their relationship , i want to encourage you to pursue me . 
once a word was mentioned , a picture of it appeared to be in front of its inner eye . 
in fact , they forgot that they were cancer cells and they became normal cells . 
so we have a lot of work to do with what the unknown is . 
in other words , we come from africa . this is in our dna . 
our mother hoped that we would have learned hard work to value . 
we focused on a business model , we were on personalities . 
he said , &quot; ok . i measured the level of a backstone . 
we sent it into a company in western kenya , only 200 miles away . 
i learned that they were not needed because of their gender . 
now we find that we only kill the female mosquitoes . 
we should just report what &apos;s seen parties said about this . 
definitely not perfect . as you probably appreciate it at this point . 
first of all , it &apos;s clearly an unbloody , wireless form of communication . 
so they took their money and their projects to others whose service was better . 
we want you to go up after two days of this hill . 
if the ice was more or less wrong , i could just pull both like this . 
i study ants , because i like to think about how organizations work . 
it &apos;s a video of a company that i &apos;m acting as a mentor . 
i think there are a few lessons here to learn about openness lessons . 
maybe 100,000 people have cochlear implants that allow you to hear this . 
but the rules changed , and they never committed to the partner . 
it has a shepherd , a fifth of a human size . 
we have a growing number of users , and we &apos;re interconnected with crustacks . 
you can &apos;t talk about how lonely a parent can do . 
that &apos;s exactly what the big meditators are doing all the time . 
there is a fundamental , profining acceleration of the evolutionary process . 
morast and minerals are going to flourish soil on the bacteria . 
the first problem is that disaster response is inadequate . 
think of it as a huge itunes , for booklike content . 
the higher the local tendency , the bigger the scale opportunity . 
this is a diagram of hands . it &apos;s a very simple fishing computer . 
let me talk to you and make it easier for you to talk to your friends . 
there are now 22 cities that have veterans &apos; court like this . 
so if you compare complexity to simplicity , it also sort of covers up . 
and i think , frankly , at the beginning , my programs were a little bit ahead of their time . 
you may have an opinion about this , but you &apos;re not going to be very well informed . 
to me , this is connected to theater , and i &apos;ll come back a little later . 
many authors feel this pressure , but non-western authors feel it stronger . 
phthalates are not only polluting our environment , they &apos;re polluting our bodies . 
when he used the first telephone , watson was directly connected to the sky . 
so we wanted the 21st of september to become the annual peace date . 
howard changed fundamentally the way of thinking about industry how to make them happy . 
please remember that . we can &apos;t deal with these environments . 
so i &apos;d let them memorize this unit at the lower left . note . 
when you add dna out of it , you get a great distributed list . 
how are men going to behave in the world that i &apos;m imagining for you ? 
we didn &apos;t know about xkeyscore . we didn &apos;t know about cybertrans . 
now , here &apos;s a film that shows us a little bit of time . 
but organs don &apos;t wait . i was surrendered before i could finish . 
and shortly after that , we left the country and returned to switzerland . 
so julie goes to her doctor to treat her asthma . 
i &apos;m going to show you a few examples of how persuasive this phenomenon is . 
we need to find something else , because we &apos;re in a kind of trott . 
in a way , i thought it would be a good idea to pause in my talk . 
if you don &apos;t like the topic or the appearance , you can hold it up red . 
when they opened , they found out that their stomach was full of plastic . 
i want you to only experience this magnificent human symphony for a second . 
today , there are a thousand trucks , buses and pcws . 
what okolloh did was not possible without human generosity . 
again , this whole subject object thing is relevant to humor already . 
&quot; if you spread the nets free , people will not value them . 
i think the whole world was fundamentally inherited to not be a girl . 
when edison invented the light bulb , it looked something like this . 
to give you an idea of how slowly it had : it had about a kb of memory . 
but think about how this works in our traditional mindset . 
and so in the next five years , we hope to be able to save almost a million babies . 
we need change , even though we work with single companies , it will not take us very far . 
and given the climate change , it &apos;s not really possible either . 
then you wouldn &apos;t need anything more to control a car , except to think about it . 
if everybody in this room is engaged , who knows what we &apos;re doing ? 
they looked at me and ran to the back to forgive the black peter . 
it looks like a saddle that gives you a horse . 
and if they want to tell us a lesson , they do it over the body . 
the government recently announced plans to return to the moon in 2024 . 
this is the basis of the device that these two people built by ford . 
ignore these slicking fears that we ended up achieving the end . 
then you approach them through different steps , so many don &apos;t create it . 
but there &apos;s another category of simple things that are also very important . 
then you dance the ritual dances that make the cruise . 
i went to west virginia , the most unhealthy state in america . 
and as you can see , they &apos;ve created a kind of artificial conception foam . 
in between , we &apos;ve discovered that they &apos;ve probably come out of the kidney . 
that means she was incontinent ; she couldn &apos;t control her failure . 
i mean , there were louder people with truly superhuman forces and skills . 
&quot; you &apos;ve been in the world for 36 months , and that &apos;s all ? &quot; 
i &apos;m going to do some scientific experiments and try to treat three musical experiments . 
well , this is what tyrannosaurus rex looks like in my living room . 
it &apos;s just going to be mountains . i want to thank emeka and chris . 
it &apos;s not dirty enough . let &apos;s just mix it a little bit . 
he believed that the crystal model of all kinds of representation was . 
as you can see , a project evolves through a series of generations of design meetings . 
he said , if i want to describe another force , i need to have another dimension . 
the new york times followed him everywhere , and everybody has backed langley . 
we started with a motor with a little lever , and little power transmission . 
every month it took 1,365 calculations , the tables were full of errors . 
ideally , the head chairs belong in the skull region , right here . 
and there were many of these problems that were going to prevent if these babies were just given warm enough . 
you can see here on the object holder that &apos;s happening in real time . 
and ivan puts his sandwich up on the top of the shooting truck . 
but if i were to make the radiant a little bit dark , then anything else would suffer . 
and when i think back , interestingly , these were the first real environmentalists . 
i went to my friend tim mcgonigal , who was sitting to my left . 
it was a national geographic expedition , but it was organized by the explorer club . 
they &apos;re talking about each other , which is gorgeous and innocent . 
one person has done a very detailed fear that others don &apos;t . 
and they were certainly proud of looking at you as winners of the time-election . 
but a few kids are sad and blue because they &apos;ve forgotten their coat . 
but what we found is that 100 percent easier to reach than 90 or 50 percent . 
and i think that &apos;s a question that needs to be addressed . 
they don &apos;t seem to appear several times so that it &apos;s actually like a travel report . 
but there were christian countries where there were six to seven babies per woman . 
this is how , when research works in societies , you really have to live with people . 
what happens when a city decides that it uses its priorities differently ? 
but better -- what &apos;s more important is that they have to bundle sunlight . 
your head is now 100 feet away , it &apos;s flowing through the air , ok ? 
i &apos;m looking for a third way : i &apos;m preparing to get alzheimer &apos;s . 
it &apos;s helping to breathe . it might calm my pulse down . 
this institution has been supported by the government , and this has been like this for three decades . 
this is a teapot that i designed for alessi . 
i do two things . i design computers and explore the brain . 
i &apos;ve ruined so much on it that i can &apos;t believe it myself . 
if you eat like a primate , you can &apos;t afford both . 
just those three words , and then they left the airport . that &apos;s it . 
it &apos;s a responives system that &apos;s designed on real weather . 
if you listen to the sprunch or d , you &apos;re up . 
you sensor a command that triggers muscle contraction . 
things can happen when these interactions are in perfect balance . 
death : go to ifidie.net , before it &apos;s too late . 
i &apos;m a marketer , and as a marketer , i know i had never really control . 
there is no financially supportive enterprise in which there were no problems . 
and my publishing tactics was that i showed my drawings and pictures of things . 
i think that &apos;s because in the next 20 years , three billion people need a new home . 
you don &apos;t want to tell americans that they have to make their lives . 
but the most remarkable thing is that my hand has stayed long enough quiet . 
life magazine made generations of people distant , unknown cultures through images . 
i &apos;m cleaning the back of this dog that ruins glory . 
killing cities . you can throw a nuclear bomb down to a city , 30 years later . 
but falling a government is not as complicated as building a solid democracy . 
everything at google has been more or less intended to be a portal . 
we need to make the other uncomfortable truth . we need to create a global crisis of agriculture . 
great news ! it makes me crazy that most people don &apos;t seem to know about it . 
first , let &apos;s simplify the vasal illusion a little bit , then we get this right here . 
but luckily , my first confused -- a priest one who loved baseball ! 
and so we could show that there was a supermassive black hole there . 
and what you see is very inadequate . here &apos;s a larger order . 
too much disheating from the carbon bank , and that population disappears . 
the activities in the lab have helped us to work in the open ocean . 
and i said , &quot; i didn &apos;t do education , i never said . &quot; 
that means they &apos;re trying less , and that &apos;s why the result is less puzzles solved . 
i brought a lump of coal here -- a piece of coal . 
we need them everyday life to make the world a smaller place . 
this is a laundry sheet , and this is a holust ust . 
and if you drill the harvest drill , you sell the overcast on markets . 
disturbing doesn &apos;t hear a consensus about what exactly she is . 
it was 25 minutes of absolute terror that thousands of people used to feel across the u.s . 
i don &apos;t understand why the media focuses on top pennsylvania . 
and this x-ray shows the patent , functional blood vessel . 
all of us are interested in this thing that we call a bill gates . 
my friends , keinesfalls , they can be so cool and have such a good life . 
and this is the case around the world , as you can see from the stars . 
reporter : the israeli border police was sent to dissolve the amount . 
and you can see , here &apos;s a weak line going through the picture . 
and i looked at it under the microscope , and part of it was flat . 
and it looks like it &apos;s trying to eat electronic jellyfish . 
but we now know enough about the future of the universe , that we can say a lot more . 
clearly a very sustainable moment , and it changed our lives in many ways . 
it &apos;s permanent that they &apos;re used biologically selectively . 
this is a library that i designed for the robin hood foundation . 
i &apos;m sure most of you have seen the movie &quot; fargo . &quot; 
but i would say again , this is the moment for extraordinary events . 
and this is also in archimedes , the great greek mathematician . 
i contacted a company in the states that provides trains for nasa . 
this is actually one of the biggest problems that today &apos;s chemotherapy brings . 
if you think about it , you have a moral framework of plato . 
so people looked at these dinosaurs and talked about how different they were . 
but if you look up with the naked eye , you really don &apos;t need one . 
it wasn &apos;t very surprising that some people thought that we were on the right path . 
this looks like you &apos;re shrinking , but what direction ? 
the chinese have a very , very different term of ethnicity than most other countries . 
so we &apos;ve updated them so that i can now show them up to 2007 . 
it happened to be the last time i saw the daylight . 
i think political reforms are essential to china . 
and at that point , our relationship completely changes to both food and to the cities . 
i &apos;m very excited about it , and i can &apos;t wait it to be turned on . 
i go to the supermarket , and all my foods are packed in plastic . 
and so i &apos;m not asking myself whether this dynamic is going on like this . 
in this hospice , there were 31 men and women who were dying . 
and there are tens of thousands of mountains out there that are not recorded on any map . 
this is an improvement rate that would look good at your school tooling , right ? 
right , the power wants to go through the play-doh and not flowing through the led light . 
everybody was there realizing that this woman was very sick and right in the hospital . 
if you want to solve a big problem , you have to keep two numbers in front of your eyes . 
now if we had a piece of tape , we would dissolve it in this way . 
it &apos;s a tasmanian devil that we found with a big tumor in the face . 
in india , we had the naxaliteny movement , the &#91; unclear &#93; movement . 
the earlier versions have created a &quot; x &quot; . they like collectors . 
so let me end with you a few words about the applications that we &apos;ve found for this . 
it &apos;s such an elderly public space that even the homeless masters . 
in addition , i want to try to convey a sense of what the ultimate new start looks like . 
he was mostly talking about animals and plants , but also about the emergence and the promise of languages . 
but the problem is not the case that we vote bad people in congress . 
the talk is going to be in the big and all of the energy , but you can start well with oil . 
there are precarcinogens that often don &apos;t develop to cancer . 
how do people embrace these problems , worry what they can do ? 
there is no change in blood flow , in expanding blood vessels . 
and he says , &quot; i &apos;m driving to zara . it &apos;s three miles away . 
can we use these technologies to switch on when we travel from land to land ? 
now we &apos;ve created the divergence , but we &apos;ve created a third dimension of the organ . 
and so with you , i &apos;d like to go through my little story of what i found . 
i think there &apos;s a vulnerability dimension in this different border . 
hulu , netflix and other companies have open copyright regulators . 
some days , i want to believe it , but there are days of doubt . 
i go home over the holidays . on campus , there were riots . 
if you go back two billion years , we &apos;re no longer on a earth-like planet . 
they &apos;re going to solve blood over time and the tissue , and they &apos;re ripping into it . 
with this knowledge , this particular incident has led to the things i &apos;m working on right now . 
and today i &apos;d like to show you that with another way of thinking , the problem has been solved . 
in fact , i &apos;m from the u.k. , but i &apos;ve been living in the maldives for 26 years . 
it was phenomenal and thankful that they were familiar with us in this scale . 
i &apos;m going to try to give you a little natural history of compassion and the golden rule . 
i need alcohol and morphium , because i can work that way . &quot; 
a series of explanations could shoot you through the head like greeer . 
and what &apos;s interesting is that in 1990 , it was more than two dollars a minute . 
i think we &apos;re starting to learn at least with a willingness of all of this . 
she said , &quot; i work for a company called hewlett packard . &quot; 
when i was a student there , i worked on the waikiki aquarium . 
but then sarah jones also told me that i only have 18 minutes of time . 
and i remember a client especially well because i was doing other business with him . 
and as chief seattle said , &quot; we don &apos;t weave the net of life . 
that &apos;s it . that &apos;s what he thought was the only option , and he wasn &apos;t so wrong . 
so you can see , for example , the value of performance is almost doubled in this experiment . 
i love paper , and i love technology , and i created paper in an interactive way . 
and he was particularly interested in everything , and he said , &quot; okay , continue . &quot; 
and he &apos;d have been as surprised that he &apos;s acting on command of marduk . 
you have to study vision with the realization of how the movement system uses it . 
we need to learn how to fix the earth &apos;s ozone layer and restore it . 
and just to stay at that point , wonderful and really encouraging . 
and i mean everybody in this room -- well , that was just 350 years ago . 
one of our students must come by and show them how to use the mouse . &quot; 
and as you can see , this is true of all countries , including the so-called developing world . 
they &apos;re scarce , they &apos;re expensive , and we just have a certain spectrum of them . 
we can also increase the content record as the movie goes on . 
the most amazing thing is that , in the criminal justice , sometimes they &apos;re an opinion . 
only three of the negative trials had been published , but up to one of the positive trials . 
we &apos;re now approaching the coast , this is on the galapagos islands . 
if you put it all together , it &apos;s over six billion nucleotides long . 
and nike knows how to compute speed and return distance . 
what this graph shows is that there have been spiders for almost 380 million years . 
i played around with it some time , and then i brought it back to the original position . 
we can specialize and exchange each other &apos;s standard of living . 
they also need a wide variety of chemical elements , and they need liquid like water . 
we have millions of genes of microbes that cover us in our human microbioma . 
and there &apos;s a lot of fun things . this is the museum of the parking bank . 
shame feels the same for men and women , but it &apos;s organized after gender . 
i &apos;m going to show you how eng terrorism is connected to everyday life . 
and he said , &quot; because nobody knows you had anything to do with it . &quot; 
here &apos;s another typical example . a quarter of a las vegas suburb . 
that &apos;s what you think about my page -- it &apos;s being put on the weights . 
and i was thrilled with this idea of getting small insights into other people &apos;s lives . 
i loved it when he talked about this other world that was right next to this world . 
and that would also explain a lot of what &apos;s been comical about his behavior the day . 
it &apos;s very much influenced by resonating how much hall has a room . 
let me explain this step with a task called mental rotation . 
we know that gasoline reduces hiv infections in men by about 60 percent . 
now , when religion is not about believing things , what is it about ? 
explaining to people the benefits of education . it &apos;s very cheap to do . 
richard saul wurman : i remember holding a talk at the penn college . 
i was at a school of heavy performing arts , and there i was an actor . 
now , if you add a pandemic threat , you have a big problem . 
he &apos;s the happiest man who has ever been investigated scientifically . 
help with the huge campaign of opinion that begins in the spring . 
this was what led me to searching for the perfect learning method for languages . 
but this is also one of the very rare situations where there is an economic advantage . 
you can imagine how happy people are with me when you see scenes . 
we all participate in this much more , just like jason showed this . 
many people have left their lives for communism , and many for capitalism . 
i think it was a very optimistic time , and i want to talk about some of these things . 
these are work in lower manhattan where you built the first power plants . 
bruce aylward : oops . jon , polio is almost eradicated . 
and even though food is produced at a high price , we don &apos;t know how to value it . 
this is an experience that has not had every muslim nation in the middle east until very recently . 
there was a great ted moment , i think it was sir ken robinson , right ? 
this story remains deep inside my heart , and i &apos;m proud to share it with you . 
and they have a problem with a grid like this , because they lack the spines . 
finally , there is gravity that interacts with matter of its mass and train . 
just so you know , i don &apos;t have lexicographics whistles . 
and i really feel at home because there are lots of autistic genes . 
it &apos;s dangerous , and certainly it would be a cap ridge , better than disney . 
now we &apos;re living in the age of the internet , which seems to create a kind of global awareness . 
this is a tri-star , and you really have natasha sitting in the shelf . 
the piece on the right is part of an installation that &apos;s about three and a half feet long . 
so now i &apos;m going to reveal something that &apos;s very beautiful to me . 
it also goes to passive patients who just take things and don &apos;t ask questions . 
they &apos;re trained to be behavior in use of violence as the military . 
even though they were locked in a garden of eden with celebration and everything else . 
this recovery is a huge extension that comes out of the tree itself . 
it brings a rudimentary bank system to places where there is no bank infrastructure . 
what &apos;s remarkable about this is that in america , civil rights have been achieved in 1960s . 
they don &apos;t like it when you come in and you want to see the bones and you want to look in . 
as you can see on this map , russia is still the largest country on earth . 
well , he said , &quot; can &apos;t we try a series of electroshock therapies ? &quot; 
but by flying the electrons around at the speed of light , they give an x-ray radiation . 
so i went home , i took a training book , and i had a plan . 
as i said , i can only move society and government if i teach hard evidence . 
it &apos;s a social awkwardness , like if you &apos;re a foreign in the abroad . 
we have so much technology today that the user surfaces should adapt to us . 
not all of them are perfect or they will be , but it shows a very significant development . 
if he had shown his father , he would have thought , &quot; my boy has gone mad . &quot; 
so what is the spread of play , what do you think these people are doing here ? 
this is the size of the little boy bomb that fell on hiroshima . 
we traveled to my profession , and there seemed to be nothing we could not do . 
but every musician finds a different balance between belief and reasoning , instinct and intelligence . 
it &apos;s a win-win situation that brings the food economy into the roles . 
and i watched them be locked in and poisoned of rice . 
they &apos;re all about to be aware of the original version . 
so we can create a whole new telepresence for the world , including the entire ocean . 
and that swim took 18 minutes and 50 seconds , but it felt like 18 days . 
i could just be myself , develop and changing at any moment . 
in those days , i was often smiling school and dreaming of driving to the lake . 
the claim was that high school fishing capsules and higher behavior of average children . 
we could talk about the relationship , in a more biologically sense , about the relationship of buildings and soil . 
and if you look at the upper left corner , you &apos;ll see a little dark spot . 
but a demographic dividend is just as good as the investment in human capital . 
and it became possible to make fish affordable and transporte over long distances . 
it was such a lottery thing where you do everything the first time . 
it &apos;s complex shapes built out of complex parts and being put together in complex ways . 
to quote the works of a spider called charlotte , silk is great . 
i say this as someone who has eaten a lot of corned beef in his life . 
and to me , it was such a wonderful african , a tiny house with a huge heart . 
should i just break it off , or should we wait until we get results ? &quot; 
they &apos;re the biggest tunas , and the second largest in the sea -- bone fish . 
in the southern hemisphere , there are craters , there are volcanoes . 
we start with something that started with a lot of burdens and problems with it . 
and they don &apos;t necessarily have the idea that twitter is actually populated by many brazilians . 
and the size of the dots is going to be proportional to how many of their friends have the flu . 
computers didn &apos;t interest me anymore , and so i made paintings of palmpilots . 
i had a different perspective on it , and i used my perspective to address the problem . 
here we are back on earth , and you can see the mushroom falling this tree . 
so someone says , &quot; please do it . push it -- it &apos;s not relevant . &quot; 
and we thought we could put these debt on our children , but imagine you . 
first of all , it &apos;s just a veil , but it creates very different things in this veil . 
and besides the experience of trying to run a company or doing something -- it doesn &apos;t have to be a company . 
because although we share death as a universal experience , we don &apos;t experience it all over the world . 
this movement is particularly striking in the u.s. and the u.k. , but it &apos;s a global phenomenon . 
she taught girls what a healthy vagina looks like , and what a mutilated vagina looks like . 
this is the leg of a bee that lives with the pollen of a maltum plant . 
so we get feedback from teachers at school to see what they like apps . 
and accuse the banks as the bad ones that gave them the hypothetics . 
christmas claus knows if you were artistic or not . right ? &quot; 
he gave the best answer to that question , &quot; well , anyone must . &quot; 
you can see the red lights in your eyes , which is the reflection of the flashlight . 
since it comes to walls , i &apos;d like to tell you the story of a wall in cairo . 
but it &apos;s more complicated , it &apos;s not that simple , and you have to work with people . 
it &apos;s kind of like this : imagine we were out of euclidic areas . 
and what the antibodies use is a grip to basically take the virus and turn it out . 
the first is donor dedicated and his grandmother who was shocked by his work . 
but what worries me even more is the asteroids between mars and jupiter . 
he said , &quot; i &apos;m attracted like batman to keep my anonymity . &quot; 
but images don &apos;t have to be dramatically to remember the tragedy of war . 
we want to continue to live our daily lives as we begin to live in a normal situation . 
and a young man , married man shouldn &apos;t go home . &quot; 
inspired by these sentences , i decided to take the paintbrush myself into the hand . 
but the worst part was not the sudden pain that was there 24 hours a day . 
you see , there &apos;s 11.2 percent more clouds here , and after three years . 
and it &apos;s only since january , 2005 , we had growth before . 
and what &apos;s interesting about this is that changing the sequence is also changing the three-dimensional structure . 
and if that is -- and especially because of the fact that we were almost eradicated . 
the ship sinks and the captain has lost everything all the way down to a sweat . 
it has an argentine rhythm called carnivalito . 
when americans go to college and marry each other , divorce rates are very low . 
why do we expect people to work well when they &apos;re interrupted at the office all the time ? 
they developed all sorts of things -- and eventually a huge bomb to end the whole one , yes ? 
and that means a bigger propulsion for research and development , which is good for anyone in the world . 
we now have found treatments for almost all tens of thousands of diseases that a human can have . 
and the local funding is not part of the fact that supports hardware projects . 
well , here &apos;s a typical scientific journal , which is quarterly review of biology . 
we do this in the lab by placing the cell culture systems with electrodes . 
imagine you &apos;re buying one of these things , and you want to hang it on the wall . 
this is actually the first time that we &apos;ve done live feedback from the audience for a performance . 
fast manufacturing is a computer file that is sent directly to the computer to the manufacturing machine . 
they &apos;re so successful that they &apos;ve also adopted the opposite side of the road . 
and there &apos;s no group that would be more suspicious of manipulation than young men . 
it &apos;s an invitation to the 70 percent of our planet that hasn &apos;t mapped yet . 
the active ingredient is resveratrol . it &apos;s also in rotwins . 
because i don &apos;t really think of helping the girl with consultancy and recommendations . 
but the history books and the daily news tells us that it doesn &apos;t always work in this way . 
or even worse , science education is becoming more and more like the guy who always says , &quot; actually ... &quot; 
the ideas are coming from the consumer , and often they &apos;re the ones of the manufacturers . 
this is not surprising when you look at the insights of contemporary psychology . 
but connected to every photo , individuals with fulfilled lives and stories that deserve to be told . 
it was a randomized control trial published in the lancet . 
the next day i visited him and said , &quot; dr. , that was a really good joke . &quot; 
so i want to share with you the good news that there is the fowler apple . 
the comment sector makes the chinese weibo more a facebook than twitter , the real one . 
and it provides really interesting ways to organize a whole range of actions in the future . 
and at the heart , i think , both of the surrounding issues : who can practices ? 
if the poor old suki seeks a partner , what would suki do to find him ? 
we need to understand that because of technology and globalization , the society of the ground is working on . 
yet , the system has moved in a more liberal direction , into a more democratic direction . 
early or later , we have to accept the fact that innovation in health care can &apos;t always cost much more . 
and that follows the third point , which is forced -- and a force to this availability . 
so , the simulator already lets me walk just like our witnesses on the real bridge . 
children have fewer problems with it . i saw in my own son when i gave him this book . 
you just drive to the next sea , you put the tube in there , and your car is full . 
over time , it &apos;s only natural that talking and writing has gone into one part of one another . 
i couldn &apos;t believe it , and i started to get out the little pieces and take photos of them . 
some people have noticed that we can only believe in a god dividing our pain . 
it &apos;s an australian tribe of aboriginal , and it &apos;s also an artist . 
it &apos;s time to make change happen to a system-visit civilization and species . 
my father had given great struggle to motivate me , but it didn &apos;t help me . 
because it &apos;s not enough to remove a leader or a dictator . 
let &apos;s go back to the mid-1800s when the chinese first came to america . 
if you look in their traditional systems , africans categorize their states in two different types . 
not to go away from loss , but to embrace sadness , to give birth to suffering . 
constructional game -- it &apos;s obviously something playful , but it &apos;s also a very good way of learning . 
the glacier comes from right to the sea , and the camera is falling in light . 
in the last two and a half years , i &apos;ve been traveling the world . i &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries . 
&quot; so , as if you were to flip a piece of toast through a basketball basketball , right ? &quot; 
i was young . i was driving on the highway when the car was breaking me suddenly . 
i wanted to learn cooking , and she &apos;d cut me in the kitchen for a month and hack . 
he had a little retreat , and he gave him a set of treatments , and he was basically cured . 
when people come into an uninhabited situation they don &apos;t have a behavioral pattern , they slower down . 
perhaps the biggest change for the worse is that our older objectives are less useful than in traditional societies . 
we live longer . we have technologies available to be science-fiction a few years ago . 
to do that , we can look at the literature of deception . 
they ripe all the water , keep it for themselves , and few drops down . 
people need to know what damage can be done to children , and that there are better alternatives . 
like my wish , nobody would like to starve , or that everything would be free , a kind of utopia . 
biological systems are important not to build too much superfluent material . 
the first one is , you can call it a devil circle in a virtual circle . 
if you climb onto the pille , you &apos;ll stick it back and over the face . 
so we would produce something that we &apos;d all like to have : a balance between hunger and sailing . 
and this man , with a planetary large brain , is now a 13-year-old punishment in california . 
we &apos;ve discovered that it falls into the bandwidth of the linguistic scripts . 
and i was standing there with two very good friends of mine , richard weber and kevin vallely . 
the imagery is breeding them and featuring them to do all sorts of terrible things . 
on average , the defense costs two million dollars in such a case , and it takes 18 months to win . 
basically , we take the same satellite phone and computer parts like you , normal chips . 
so today , i &apos;m going to tell you about a few people who have never moved away from their hometown . 
jeff bezos was so nice to say to me , &quot; chris , ted is a really great conference . 
i &apos;m going to show you a slide here , which i &apos;m showing you a slide here , which is the conflictivity of 1946 . 
what was interesting about the article was that readers of the article started writing comments for the article . 
let &apos;s call it the engineering approach , and i &apos;m saying the engineering approach is in range . 
and this is a perfect theory in the sense that almost everything in biology is doing after form . 
how many cloudy sky do you think there was central europe between 1940 and 1945 ? 
she works at a very large company , in a shop in hyderabad , making furniture . 
no , the boy said to me -- the boy said to me , &quot; that would hurt me . &quot; 
and in this room between me and the other is the erotic attraction , the movement to the other . 
but yesterday , the city called her and said , &quot; look , we &apos;ll have to tear it down . 
but this is still not a reason for us to turn ourselves , because we know this film for afghanistan . 
hello governments , rich countries , selling guns to governments , but not to feed them . 
so violent indeed , it can embrace all the other military tators in the world . 
second , it &apos;s really balanced . it &apos;s wonderful in your hand , and it feels good . 
then we wonder why the membrane is locked and why it takes so much electricity . 
but there &apos;s a second reason why we &apos;re stuck in this feeling -- and this is cultural . 
and one of the most intimidating things that happened was the fact of connection with all these people . 
this is the consumer society , and it &apos;s driving economic growth stronger than the technological change . 
&quot; the spaceship project has officially begun . the job waits for you . dyson . &quot; 
how did we become the only species of well-being as it becomes more affordable ? 
we saw it in the financial crisis , we saw it in the fever pandemic . 
about the viagra here , which i bought in a backhof-sex shop somewhere in china . 
she said , &quot; yes , that &apos;s ex-vice president al gore and his wife &apos;s tipper . &quot; 
and the hopeful word is that it &apos;s suffering from the realization that islam and democracy are technologies . 
on february 4th , we published it on our website , and we said , &quot; super tuesday . &quot; 
more tomorrow . i also have images from the library for those of you who have asked pictures . 
because one of her favorites is at home , and she &apos;s pretty nervous to meet him . 
my father who fought in three wars could not preserve his own sister from that suffering . 
the engineers flew over , and the designers met with them , and they put their presentation together . 
but the teachers came to me afterwards and said they &apos;d never concentrated the children . 
the new festival calls the audience to play a substantial role in designing the performance . 
then i tried to type words on my notebook and use the informed computer voice . 
i bet these prehistorical cave artists would have just liked to know how to draw better . 
when i was a student at mit , we all shared a single computer that took a single building . 
these are camels that cross the great rift valley in africa , photographed by chris johns . 
they turn off google advertising , and we give them the advertisements so that they can put the organizations in knowledge . 
and then they promote them through the further prevalence of the video , through advertising , and they &apos;re banging sales . 
and so this came out that oprah spent two weeks of advertising for the movie &quot; the secret . &quot; 
but when people learned what their son was doing , they didn &apos;t get that sympathy . 
the idea goes like this : imagine the room is the dreaming for anything that &apos;s there . 
but then i found out that there was a lot of evidence that was already published , because the subject of the natural atmosphere exists . 
so each idea is basically supportive , or every part of , every word -- is protected by the whole web . 
but at least one percent is there . because they &apos;re afraid that you keep them crazy or something like that . 
the key is that feys didn &apos;t stem their texts or their saturday night live authors . 
on this map , i can see how far from my home in 30 minutes with public transportation . 
first as a journalist , i realized how much i &apos;m part of this problem , how we are all part of this problem . 
and she took us on a journey and showed us something very special -- her daughter , eight days old . 
what about aths ? mediterranes climate , but in the sun it was not pleasant . 
this is open source , and can be used in any country where there is an information liberty law . 
i could be mean , and they wouldn &apos;t tell you , but in fact , it &apos;s the central african republic . 
what &apos;s interesting about this is that the verbs between alfred and jay-z have become more regular . 
we &apos;re moving towards democratization of information , and i &apos;ve been working for a while in this area . 
the main creation process of nature is the morphogeny , the division of a cell in two cells . 
but , in fact , most of the young are behaving in a certain way , and most girls are behaving in a certain way . 
so if we could find the right cells , and implante them in the body , they could take the healing . 
when you go to a restaurant and get used bad , you show them what bad customer service looks like . 
but one is really dangerous about this kind of technology ; it &apos;s very easy to get it done . 
you design something like a cell phone , and in very abstract language , you &apos;re describing this cell phone . 
designers sometimes do things that aren &apos;t necessarily working , but they work in the context of our problems . 
it &apos;s going to happen more or less . we have a world that can &apos;t be looked at longer than shared . 
and you can see these big , dottrigen eggs breaking through the surface of the male hodes . 
a few people actually say , &quot; oh , let me just do that , and let &apos;s forget . &quot; 
i want to show you some moments of my development that you might never see around the world . 
sustainability is quite important for us , which is both social and environmental and economic values . 
and now you just have the gene , this bioluminescent gene , crossed with normal cells . 
i don &apos;t know if you read &quot; u.s. news and world report &quot; -- i have the current edition . 
so richard and i was talking , and i said , &quot; you know , maybe i should bring a camel . 
and so we went to the grave , and we did this , it was hilarious -- the attention that we received . 
at the same time , we have to be particularly resourceful about finding solutions to these kinds of problems . 
so this is earth . this is a little bit smaller than a millimeter made of solid bronze . 
similarly , the scene in spinal tap , with the miniature stoneer , right ? 
and i &apos;m not saying that they leave school in third grade or fourth -- they never go there . 
second , several slow and short-term targets -- 5,000 cues -- boring , 15 pies -- interesting . 
i had an inventor teacher , a pakistani muslim who wanted to teach us that . 
froaser knives on the floor that beat arms on the back , and he cries . 
and one thing that shocked me one day was an arab musician came to stop the soldiers . 
and i &apos;m looking for the similarities and the differences in the solutions that have developed for basic biological problems . 
and so i decided over the years because of a series of experiments that this is because of context and architecture . 
in fact , we &apos;ve done something like a ethical choice in society , not to have coral reefs . 
i don &apos;t do a painful behavior now , but i can tell you that i don &apos;t have pain right now . 
instead of trying to eliminate those comments , instead of entering the blogger . 
the next worry was if i could walk again because i was paralyzed by the hip . 
or did i use my reason to figure out what &apos;s intrinsically right ? &quot; 
we can use smart solutions to improve the transit and to allow carsharing and driving communities . 
and when they did , they brought smallpox into 10 countries , and they triggered the epidemic . 
you switch your smartphone seven or eight times , maybe even more frequently when you &apos;re in this audience . 
and drew barrymore , despite all its wonderful charming , is not glamorous . 
and the religions who should contribute a major contribution , rather than part of the problem . 
a reliable impulse , a mood , never thought , hardly now ... 
and because they were fascinated by this result , they decided to do a national investigation . 
as a boy , i was a shepherd watching our livestock -- goats , sheep and cattle . 
and somehow he &apos;s able to find one , but great navigational skills give bad flipts . 
and because the work in the store was so hard , it fell to me in school . it was celestial . 
and at least until 23 , we &apos;re still putting these worms into these little open mouths . 
and what will the great king , the powerful king , the king of the four global areas ? 
this goes on until the subject pushes the button and says , &quot; i see the change . &quot; 
and i always saw the desperation of my american and european colleagues when they had to do with india . 
so you want to spend 50 million dollars using non-violent video games to kids , make it . 
despite the images that are presented on the news daily are wars between industrial states are not everyday . 
well , if you think about it , it &apos;s really hard to measure round columns with a ruler . 
i want to put a good word for nature , because we haven &apos;t talked a lot about it in the past few days . 
this is a billboard that says , &quot; welcome to the birthplace of general tso . &quot; 
and those sounds are often not represented by the signs that we have available in the european languages . 
my work is about behaviors that we put on a collective level , all unconsciously on the day . 
and in 1990 , they decided they wanted to train local entrepreneurs , and they started paying them less . 
and he responded to that he went to regis and kelly and broke his old record . 
here are some examples : we &apos;re in the era of the &quot; phantastic journey &quot; thanks to ipill . 
it &apos;s some of it in this room , amazing people holding us all the mirror for our own humanity . 
so he found it out . he took about two minutes to realize that he was doing things in the tv . 
and so i decided to write a book , my memoirs , about this decade of my life . 
again , what we &apos;re seeing here is the price of a huge role in willingness to change your driving behavior . 
we created the reaction room where lights , music and jalousia were building themselves after their condition . 
for hacker , dna is just another operating system waiting to be hacked . 
this is also the point where we &apos;re throwing down the lower clothing , and we &apos;re in the free-fall . 
apparently , i have a great life , but -- -- the question is , what does that mean to you ? 
it used to be conducting , and playing with music , less about trust and , frankly , more necessary . 
so , some people at reddit thought , &quot; man , that sounds great . we should all agree with it . &quot; 
this is the transition from a group of substances into another one , either by manufacturing or absorbing energy . 
fortunately , you get a neutron if you get this reaction of fusion , and you can get rid of it . 
this whole list of facebook pages dedicated to the same message ; people who are sending love to each other . 
the solution to the balcony was something that we all know as the roadfield hub . 
but if i &apos;m very close and starling directly into the camera , you can see these beautiful eyes . 
it &apos;s very , very difficult to talk at the end of this conference , because everybody else has spoken . it &apos;s all been said . 
it could have been dentistry , but the word &quot; experimental &quot; was in there , and for something like that , i had to decide . 
now , against the thesis , a man who has been in the middle of the energy and climate debate for years . 
in 2010 , they decided not to release those numbers , so i had to estimate some numbers based on different sources . 
they do it when they have power all the time , and even when they feel powerful during a moment . 
at the time , the doctors routinely explained how important it was to satisfy their women . 
as long as the subject of thinking is not , it &apos;s very difficult to have an intelligent argument . 
and while ubuntu is an african idea , the essence of this ad is &quot; invented here . &quot; 
they explored with their colleagues , but everybody said , &quot; no , i didn &apos;t think of doing it . 
and i can assure you , it &apos;s also important to you how colonialists and imperialists have been important . 
there are people in the states trying to figure out whether bloggers are journalists or not . 
maybe they &apos;re generated , or they &apos;re happy to look forward to a new game , or it keeps them from sleep . 
but sometimes it &apos;s like a door opening from nowhere and it opens to a staircase . 
if you can print metal , you can print it . in fact , you can print it here . 
and we went somewhere in between about a meter and a half , and my mother suddenly says , &quot; i knew it . 
but the institutions that are being represented by this black line were saying , &quot; we &apos;re changing this defection right away . 
we &apos;re going to do long-term things , and also repeat things , for new films , which can make fun . 
but when i come back from these dives , and i try to share my experiences , i don &apos;t find the right words . 
and such sorts of technologies have the potential to change the image of hunger and food to change malnutrition on the frontlines . 
all we have to do is put our ego on the side , push our selfish aside . 
wk : yeah , i want to build another one -- to pump water and steal the plants . 
i &apos;m also standing here to tell you that there &apos;s a lot of difference in china &apos;s stance to democracy . 
stacy sager : but for christina sidebottom , everything that can prevent migraines is worth trying . 
in the good old days , when republicans ran this company , they built their best works on the past . 
and then she got this video from me to see that george abbott had actually spoken . 
imagine somebody lost their entire arm , we &apos;ve got four big nerves going down the arm . 
when you ask them , &quot; what do you do ? &quot; they say , &quot; i &apos;m a statistics . &quot; 
those who read the world war version , scared an intervention as the others . 
now , who needs it today to extend the infection of 100,000 children to the 200 million children in india ? 
but if you &apos;re invited , and you talk to someone , you know , if somebody asks , &quot; what do you do ? &quot; 
i wonder , three or four weeks ago , we read in the newspapers that are dying in norway million fish . 
this is three pounds of charges c4 . this is about 10 times the guy in his shoes . 
so you have five million books , five million authors , five million bricks and a massive process . 
this is a relatively old photograph here showing the first project i &apos;ve ever worked on before , about 25 years ago . 
we would be different if our neuro-anomy and our physiological chemistry were different . 
so -- so i take my camera , my notebook , i put a chair in and i watched this happen . 
an architect is much better and smarter than we &apos;ve given these tools , and now we can also use them . 
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m 28 years old , i live in hotels , and i &apos;m not married . &quot; 
it &apos;s all the unbelieved things that the human beings do and have a huge potential in them . 
my mother says i started reading with two years , but i think four of you may be true . 
what you &apos;re seeing here in the upper drawing is a scheme of how oil is used in u.s. economy . 
and so i was sitting in this restaurant , waiting for the man who was supposed to have some difficulties of course ... 
many of them work in extremely resistant systems -- the military , congress , in education system and so on . 
and at the end , he did it at an educational level that nobody had ever thought in his family before . 
whether it &apos;s a cell or a termite or a bird , they just focus on the rules of interaction . 
my question is basically : what did we do in this 50 years when we talk about democracy , well and bad ? 
if this woman carries water on her head , you can &apos;t wait for mile , you can &apos;t cheat it . 
three years ago , when it was just an idea ; it &apos;s become something that spreads like a virus across the world . 
subjects need metaphors longer to recognize them as wrong , when they need literally false sentences . 
and i started exploring , and we found that very exciting that the skin produced nitric oxide . 
and then we have 12 in the books called &quot; package , &quot; but my doctrines call &quot; food . &quot; 
and let &apos;s face it , every new retrovirus in human populations -- is something we should know . 
i &apos;ve tried this in a blind trial , along with 20 other people , against five other olivenues . 
well , let me close with four generic remarks , an example and two aphorisms . 
he had never met his father because his father had left his mother when she was pregnant with him . 
and when we thought about greater scalability , we wondered where &apos;s the u.s. problem to cover the u.s ? 
learning about the world of nature is one thing to learn from the world of nature -- it killed the switch . 
teachers are getting nervous in everything that has to do with violence because of zero tolerance policy . 
the reason that efficiency is so low in these reactors depends on the low temperatures . 
and this is the spacecraft cassini that rotates through the ice rings of saturn &apos;s pirate . 
as an example of this , i started working with sugar , for stefan sagmeister , three-painter tedtalks . 
the human goal was to identify camps for settlement based on precedented need . 
and she walked into the city , and she turned off , and she said , &quot; i have to buy new shoes ! &quot; 
it &apos;s the economy of movement of these heavy , slow atoms over big distances , which is very difficult . 
and together , these volunteers and teachers are connected to create a new generation of global , green leaders . 
it costs 1.7 million dollars in development . it &apos;s called go , and it &apos;s from bernhardt , usa . 
if you look at it , nature doesn &apos;t know any other proportions in which functions are similar characteristics . 
when i run a film of shelves , we prepare too much every day . we think too much . 
but small atoms want to merge , small nuclei want to merge , to make bigger direction of iron . 
but compared to democrats and republicans , there is no big difference based on who are neighbors . 
and it seemed to me that even he was really bad at looking at these unorganized red squares every day . 
it can be something that might be very serious about , as i said , the human rights in birma . 
it &apos;s a story of public education and rural communities and what design can do to improve both . 
what if they could also look up to the night sky , to the same stars , but from the other side ? 
all we need to do is make a company with carbon dioxide pflault juice . 
and when he was there , we started eating him out so he could feel how gravity actually feels like . 
he flew them for the first time , he flew them for the second time , he flew them for the third time . 
so the first one is -- the most significant termin dynamics in the world -- is something called happy hour . 
but there &apos;s more good news that later came to evolution , a kind of secondary evolutionary logic . 
it tastes great within the boundaries of each country , but completely sucked if you take it anywhere else . 
this argument , i think , fascinating , as if we could bend the laws of physics a little bit so that they fit us into play . 
and so we found a way to figure it out . i got this famous ramp in action for the first time . 
the woman of the chief &apos;s chief &apos;s chief had a little girl , the main color , kind of bright like mine , and all the dirty . 
&apos;be yourself the change you wish for this world , mahatma gandhi once said . 
we &apos;ve done these experiences in life , and they give us a very good intuition about whether a action is going to work . 
a secret . the animal climbs by breaking it out , and it can &apos;t really well grasp the surface at all . 
everything was fine , until i was about 26 years old , and i was living in a movie called &quot; number five ! &quot; 
strangely , the redwood rainforests are the remains we haven &apos;t studied very little yet . 
the next one that went on and explored this field was a gentleman named hans jenny in the 1970s . 
but he watched as physicists and chemist suppliers of mass destruction , at the beginning of the 20th century . 
we had the feeling of setting up the wiring that would only come out of the world for many years . 
it provides spaces of sustaining structure , and it creates spaces , habitable spaces within the sand dune . 
now , i also have to tell you that last week i talked to kyle about this story , i &apos;m going to tell you this story . 
and then 92 nuclear plants that would provide the energy will fill the rest of los angeles . 
i found it strange to speculate about it as if it was a competition , about a fresh wound . 
and this argument is that we can only teach creativity if we teach children as early as possible to bring perspectives . 
the irony and tragics of our time are thinking a big part of society , science would argue about it . 
so your house is constantly busy with lecks , but it repairs them . it dries them out and so forth . 
we punch the liquid through one of these systems , and we press the button , and the properties are analyzed . 
and then said , &quot; if alaska doesn &apos;t get the current memo , then everything begins again from the front . &quot; 
&quot; you can call this a dinosaur , but look at velociraptor : it &apos;s cool . &quot; 
and if you &apos;ve been following the news , there was actual last week that i &apos;d left the media lab . 
we discovered that individuals with low tryptophan mirrors were more likely to revenge when they were treated unfair . 
what you &apos;re looking at here is a little bit like the skin of a pot , which is a waste of blue there . 
we &apos;re doing systematic field tests now to make sure that the device is appropriate for asha activists . 
they want to satisfy the desire of people after a social network , which is very important , and people love social networks . 
there are so many different ways of being rational as humans on this planet , and that is one of the glorities of human existence . 
so i encourage all of you : take some play-doh , some salt and sugar , and start playing with it . 
we have dawn in orbit around vesta , and over here &apos;s new horizon , just to pluto . 
fortunately , i could check the answer a , and i &apos;m honest if my insurance listened . 
here &apos;s a representation of regions with more brain activity when the enemy is a human being . computers are . 
and i stood on the threshold to puberty , so i took cookies out of the dose without asking . 
licklider realized , computers can do the necessary routina to make insights and decisions . 
so , from uncomprehension , there can be great things -- that i then take a picture of , which will end up land in my work . 
we don &apos;t solve the urban problems by breaking the land into the city , but that &apos;s exactly what many of us are trying to do all the time . 
a lot of designers have been working on the idea of death and grief , and what we can do with the new technologies . 
it was ridiculous . i couldn &apos;t get a handycontract because my bonitarian history hadn &apos;t traveled . 
the things that i photographed -- this pile of rice here was 45 million ripe . it was the biggest pile . 
the solution to global problems can be done if you really take it forward and use clean , renewable energy . 
biomimicry , an emerging science , has selected as a valuable idea of social justice . 
that &apos;s why you can feel a cosmic unit with someone after you &apos;ve slept with them . 
they &apos;re not different . they &apos;re made of the same stuff . calcium carbonate , calcium carbonate . 
he sent to jail , focused on the ice credits on his fault , and has been consistent for 21 years . 
there was an equation in my family , like this : if you &apos;re intelligent , you &apos;re not spiritual . 
it &apos;s very important in my life , because she told me to leave that and go to the art of the future . 
and he said to the man , &quot; why have you written down on the back side of things that nobody ever will ever see ? &quot; 
music is acoustic vibrations in the air , small waves of energy that drip our drum fur . 
and the algorithm selects those few , they reproduce with mutation and recombination like our reproduction . 
or you could play a lot of games on a small piece of land , even if you didn &apos;t know what game you played yourself . 
even if they did their work , and they asked butters of these institutions , they would hardly be scary . 
that brings us to the third reason why we don &apos;t have protected areas , which is that the medicines were wrong . 
we know today that there are nine different ways in which chimpanzees use different objects . 
bj : as dereck said , we have to work with extreme temperatures in the middle of the night . 
and all these black dots are places where toxic gases are released by the epa . 
somehow , she &apos;s able to keep her seven children alive , and a few months later she &apos;s bringing twins to the world . 
in terms of where we are in science with dna identification , and so on , it &apos;s not that far away . 
it &apos;s in notting hill , alongside all the files -- you know , the prostitutes and all this stuff . 
but it shouldn &apos;t be that big efforts required to figure out where the money of business stayed . 
the leader of the chiefs said , &quot; sorry , we can &apos;t take you , then we &apos;re too slow . 
now , if i go on , you &apos;ll think that all this data comes from huge institutions and nothing to do with them . 
but the conversation is christianity , islam and buddhism in so many sub-groups that it was detailed to us . 
this disease is because of me in my family , and we really hope that these cells will help us find a cure . 
you can see that x-ray radiation is stretched from the teeth , the metal in the teeth . 
but , not one of them has stood up to think , &quot; right ! how can i clap ? ok , maybe ... 
it was like the child was born after 3.3 million years , but the birth process was very long . 
it &apos;s useful to know , because language is infinity and you can &apos;t just download the sentences that you hear . 
treatments were possible , funding was present , and the number of people in retroviral treatment started very quickly . 
but when the poet comes up to the tree , watch close-up , try to see how it lands . 
and my family brought this woman , whose mother had been a slave so she was cooling around me . 
an elevated dopamine means that probes are seeing more patterns than those who didn &apos;t get dopamine . 
let &apos;s see it again . watch the colored : white on the right , brown on the left . 
but we want to be sure that this is the most effective and safest device that we can provide hospitals . 
i offer them the post , they can pick it off , and then they choose your cabinet . 
it &apos;s also reducing the risk of most common cancer , like breast cancer , prostate cancer . 
lyn : when i make musicians , i feel like a pilot in the cockpit flies an airplane . 
as i write in my book , i &apos;m just jewish , like &quot; olive garden &quot; italian . 
when we asked them , they said , &quot; it &apos;s like a giant toilet that doesn &apos;t shrink . &quot; 
the passengers dropped from the titanic , dropped in water just five degrees centigrade . 
after these artificial genomes have been made , the first step is simply a transplant into a cell that doesn &apos;t contain a genome . 
i was thinking about this in the sense that it &apos;s great to build with biological materials , but can we do similar things ? 
and if we think of legacy , i can &apos;t imagine a more powerful one , even if your life was so short . 
so the idea was to keep the sense of being free , but to change the direction and increase the time . 
this year , this disease house becomes more than 300,000 people in tamil nadu , india , giving the sight back . 
when we look at building and manufacturing , there are large inefficient , energy-consumption and super-efficient labor use . 
the abalone shell here -- and if you break it , you can figure out that it has a nanostructure . 
we know , for example , that music is almost always the last thing that people can address with advanced alzheimer &apos;s . 
so the challenges of education , in a place like this , are not the king and queen of kenya and the u.k . 
if people don &apos;t take their drugs , or if they don &apos;t follow the instructions of their drug , these are behavioral problems . 
so when i spent time with leaders in the big-movement , i first started to really understand what they were about . 
so again , we were encouraged to design a pump for a kenyan company called approtec . 
but if you take this wonderful thing that chiho showed us , she was scared of us with lava man . 
it &apos;s important that we have babies love , and we don &apos;t have babies -- let &apos;s say dirty windmills down . 
we can put everything in there , which we want , and they won &apos;t get harder and then we can take whatever out . 
john is one of about 12 very brave , heroic people who volunteered for the trial . 
every year , whales are dying at a collision with a ship , so it &apos;s necessary to reduce the number of cases . 
usually , there &apos;s a 10-year-old delay for a new product to get into the market in developing countries . 
i showed you earlier a picture of norman rockwell , and the one i grew up with , and it was constantly in front of . 
and the implication of this was that we were able to cover 40 percent of demand in the first year , which was 50,000 people . 
many of these people would not have to die , and that confused me , and i &apos;d like to call it the last mile problem . 
unknown environmental factors could play a role , and this is very likely for genetic factors whose we &apos;re not aware of . 
the metaphysical dimension is that we want to cut ourselves from the big , important questions . 
and if i want to get kids at age 35 , it would mean that i had to start with all of these five years earlier . 
from the moment our ancestors began to mimic about two and a half million years ago , a new copying process emerged . 
this movement makes a place for making biotechnology accessible to all , so not just scientists and researchers in state-labs . 
and the last material i &apos;m going to talk about today is plastic , and of course my toaster had to get a plastic shell . 
although i had little time for my talk , i hope you could perceive mannahatta as a special place . 
and that &apos;s what i need to think about today , because i believe you can all contribute in this school a very important part . 
these days , they &apos;re mostly processed , and full of all sorts of addicts , other ingredients , you know the rest of the story . 
from here , you take them up -- on a solid , arable path up , right from beginning to end . 
it was such an exciting experience for me to hear you talking about the worlds of new world being created thanks to technology and science . 
we &apos;ve actually used adult stem cells in clinical trials for 15 years , in various cases , especially for cardiovascular disease . 
now , green movement , the summer of 2009 , when my film came out -- the riots start in the streets of tehran . 
if you see it floating in front of some circles before black circles , there &apos;s another way . 
it &apos;s from the game world of warcraft with over 10 million players in the world , one of them i am , another woman is mine . 
and this piece was acquired by anapum , and it &apos;s actually not going to have anything at the end , because it &apos;s darkened . 
and i -- neither one signed up , so i did it -- i said , &quot; this is a bacchanal of tician . &quot; 
the story of &quot; 99 &quot; plays 1258 when the monkeys invaded in baghdad and destroyed it . 
this is a helicopter notedoctor who &apos;s first assisted a soldier who had been shot in the head . 
we &apos;ve come to legacy , but sometimes it appeared that those jellyfish for the music that i made or didn &apos;t fit . 
so , in this section , it &apos;s about pure pleasure , but glamour is really about the meaning of meaning . 
and then i started to get interested in creatures that are in the hidden corners of the city . 
you tried to find an answer to the following question : what would people do , well , because they were no longer fighting for survival ? 
and i was waiting down , and the next day i liked them a little more , a piece more and now i love them . 
they were raised all day like recording that the manager had to say , &quot; okay , everybody stops . &quot; 
a general rule is , if i don &apos;t like it to be wrong , if i want to do it this way , it &apos;s a forgery . 
so what i &apos;m going to show you is all the important things , all the main features of my discipline -- evidence medicine . 
but not very large -- zebras , for example , have huge ears that are very moving , so they can turn both around . 
so i knew dobrynin very well , and i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to sit next to gorbatschow tonight . 
it &apos;s even said that in collective consciousness , africa , we can experience the deepest parts of our humanity by interacting with others . 
you can show a mosque , or you can show believers , but there &apos;s no direct way of representing islam . 
the u.n. has put their statistics on it , and we have a new version of software online , so they don &apos;t have to download them . 
and furthermore , in shanghai , china is changing , because this is impossible , for example , five years ago . a more extensive . 
so this triptychon , these three tablets , represent the eternal truth that order to break . 
he had become part of my body , an extension of my senses , and after a while , he became part of a public image . 
they &apos;ve downloaded it by disney.com , or one of these websites , 14 days after a computer was put in their village . 
this is the only state funded position in the united states where legal cannabis is is built for the scientific research . 
but if you tell someone about his goal and mood , what psychologists call &quot; social reality . &quot; 
&quot; thank you &quot; sounds so bad , but thank you very much for having saved my life . 
if you want to get 16 bulbs of light , remember , today &apos;s use is 125 light bulbs . 
if there &apos;s a scarce resource that you want to put in a desired outcome , think about efficiency . 
and i remember looking at the ice , and there were big pieces of white ice and the water was completely black . 
lewis pugh : i &apos;d like to end with the following words , and i needed four months to feel my hands again . 
for example , we discovered things like the meaning of rna just a few years ago , and it &apos;s really essential to the function of the cells . 
i &apos;m going to show you someone who &apos;s doing some of the simple movements that we &apos;ve introduced in washington , please movie off . 
they had left their families in the gulf , levante and north africa to join al qaeda in iraq . 
you want to share a needle just as little as you want to share a toothbrush , even with someone you sing with . 
the left is from an orange surface , under direct light , turning to the right , looking at a blueful medium . 
in 2005 , my base-jump from eggs , monk and virgin , was three very famous mountains in switzerland . 
and i thought , &quot; well , i &apos;m not a strategic , and i &apos;m not a specialist . i &apos;m just a storyteller . &quot; 
a lion that just takes a shooting bag -- you see , he has a broken tooth . 
so what i &apos;d like to do now is i &apos;m going to put the middle nine surfaces under yellow lighting , just by putting a filter behind them . 
and i hope at least i &apos;ve convinced you that we have a really supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy . 
but this is a unit of currency that we have taught monkeys to connect with people to buy different kinds of food . 
and the whole thing became important to me because i was conducting an ideal rent in which we &apos;re advising eight startups . 
and of course , we &apos;re not responsible for the consequences of what we &apos;re doing now , ederr ? how all these concerns about sound . 
in order to say the truth , i was there , but not from sincere hope and reice , or generosity . 
here &apos;s a devastating unbrick , a spider mite , because she &apos;s spinning nets like a spider . 
if food is scarce , it &apos;s the nutrients to the most important organ , the brain , and away from other organs like heart and liver . 
first of all , the doctor went on for six months , and he started working with nine health targets that we aspired . 
this is our body wisdom . it &apos;s not by our language . our body knows light , and we know that for a long time . 
who of them did it by turning the left into thought to see if they agreed with the right ? 
but i get lots of toilets , and if you take a toilet apart with a hammer , you get shooting . 
if you were a girl and you were really adventurous and really wild , you would think that games are kind of crawl for girls . 
just by studying the rings , we can learn a lot about the slices of stars and gas that we call spiral galaxies . 
there &apos;s one indication that we need boxencrews , and these are the inexcess cost of our care . 
but we still have a lot of work in front of us , and if somebody &apos;s involved in science , i &apos;m going to ask you to join me with me . 
it can be up to one trillion value every year paid by bribe , genausomuch like india &apos;s gdp . 
i came here to talk about ecology , and i &apos;ve tested as much co2 as a french in a whole year . 
i started laughing because it had come so far that i wonder if i was a writer or a homeless . 
today , and this is a very delicate number , in 2010 , has been ruled by 35 public incidents of lynchjustice . 
and then there &apos;s this whole funny thing , as long as goliath is reacting to the view of david . 
to address these underground environments that we &apos;re interested in , to occur , our interest in the development of supportive tools . 
so there was a time when it was your first time that you had a green ampelwave on the back of the night . 
i grew up with traditional tales about leadership . robert e. lee , john buford , in the battle of gettysburg . 
what you &apos;re seeing here is 12 separate leaves that could be moved with individual microprocessors that would only cost about a dollar . 
the only exception is the naked , in somalia , living design of maury that never gets to the surface of the earth . 
the creative spirit in africa , the creative tradition is as potent as eh and as if designers were just searching inside . 
and they &apos;re also able to show such a wonderful and complex behavior that can only be described with intelligence . 
so a few years ago , the l.a. county decided to spend 2.5 billion dollars to repair the urban schools . 
so the ants in the old colonies that seem stable are not a little older than the ants in the young colonies . 
and you know , when you walk across a divide , it &apos;s going to be much worse than you didn &apos;t even go -- bigger disaster . 
what &apos;s going on here as the watercolor flows into the structure is that the watercolor is not mixing with the ferrofluid . 
but it would seem like gasoline , when you put it in common , and someone loves a firewood , a fireswamp comes in . 
every time i read cheechow and his unique vision of human life , it reminds me why i became author . 
because after six months i &apos;d talked about it , he &apos;d finally understood that it was serious with this penis-serious thing . 
that was perhaps the greatest surprise -- how flexible the koran is , at least those whose minds are not inflexible . 
it &apos;s used as a barrier to protect the tracks and the guests , and prevents that things fall on the tracks . 
three composers , 70 kilos of vegetable waste come in . really , grandiose compost . 
i &apos;m an example of what is possible when girls are born and funded by the day of their birth to the people around them . 
and so we use the food lure in the hand , and we use food because we have it to do with owners . 
from this pattern , we &apos;re already seeing particle physics at tiny scale , the way the universe works at tiny scale is very beautiful . 
if you &apos;re interested in further information , we have a website that describes this exciting and fascinating mission , and why we want to do it . 
there &apos;s another reason why we might be facing our careers , our status in the world today , fearless areas than ever before . 
if you think about what it means to learn calculating or learning to read , you actually make sense of your brain . 
it &apos;s extremely unlikely that the taliban could ever take over the country -- highly unlikely they could conquer kabul . 
here we have stepper giraffs , but through evolution , there are these forest giraffe that lives only in the congo . 
now , the old problem with climate protection is that it &apos;s expensive , otherwise we &apos;ve already started lasting with climate protection . 
i &apos;d like to introduce you to my new project , &quot; baroque in rock , &quot; which there was no longer a golden record . 
if you saw these women on the street , in their connected dress , they would do it as poor and longevious . 
we discovered bluegrass a few years ago , and we fell in love with this music direction , and we hope that this is the same with you . 
this is a way that allows you to use pre-designed video disc-materials the way it best fits to your specific interests and needs . 
if you come to genomics , 10 years ago , the first human genome sequencing was done , the cost was about a billion dollars ago . 
and in fact , it &apos;s the competition between hackers and designers of computer systems making everything go back and forth . 
i just want to tell you that i miss you and that i love you , and please come back to me and stay alive . 
that you didn &apos;t know where aid was needed , in all cases , help people get close to where they were most needed . 
there &apos;s this fundamental view of things that is true value of making things and physical work , that technology is listening to . 
ok , so it &apos;s not going to create a little contraction of my hand after the pulse &apos;s wiring into my brain . 
i delayed whether i should pick this up in my presentation because this cartoon was published shortly after 9 / 11 . 
it &apos;s very interesting . when we started our school , the parents registered in the presence list with a thumb disprint . 
on twitter , there &apos;s someone i know from health industry outside bostons , who wrote e-patient rap . 
parents text and email breakfast and dinner bread while their children complain that they don &apos;t get the full attention of their parents . 
and again , this is not an irrational dose , not illegal dose , but very close to the highest levels of normal . 
your new business partner likes you to celebrate your hand with you , walk food , and then show you an expression of the era . 
i said , &quot; there &apos;s a special form of visual hallucinations that come in with detection vision or blindness . &quot; 
men are disturbing , men are ambitious , men are inevitable , and they all want to be a dipless . 
and he turned , and then he participated in six identical men in blooded shirts that came up to them . 
so this is how to form a function in structure to figure out what circuits are doing to create that function . 
on the wall , my book is called &quot; supernatural , &quot; which allows me to remind what i &apos;ve done , because i forgot . 
and i was so glad i was just playing with the robot , so you can see the robot has the controller . 
and when i was sitting there thinking about what i was supposed to say , a woman was approaching a black headscarf and a black winner . 
it contains two , three , up to 400-times the bordering of pollutants that was allowed by the epa . 
so we put lots of different hypotheses down there are little green males that use heat , all kinds of things float around there . 
not exclusive to these things , but in addition to them , the propaganda of a true requirement for democracy is based on the ground . 
well , to end with a very positive array , i think this is probably a very good thing at the end . 
so i thought i &apos;d try to hold them : thumping , footprint , or all sorts of traces that we leave as humans . 
the first one was about a group called &quot; the party of god , &quot; who wanted to ban the valentine day , red became illegal . 
it &apos;s clear that we don &apos;t just put some electrodes on his head and understand exactly what all of his thoughts are on the track . 
we also have a different problem , because women are confronted with harder decisions that are between professional success and personal expression . 
we can go to leadership very quickly , but in the second half we &apos;re going to dance . this is &quot; warfare of the fourth generation . &quot; 
they would get toothbris that you couldn &apos;t eat corn , but they would have to live the rest of their lives of brei . 
and for me , this project shows how far we can go from these rather small things that i &apos;ve been working on in the beginning of my career . 
i went , and prime minister badal said to me , we didn &apos;t have a lot of prayers , their jews too . 
you can even predict what kind of literature they like to read where they like to make vacation , and what they like to eat . 
so it &apos;s not that easy to answer when someone asks , &quot; where do you live , where do you work and where do you spend all your time ? 
then you take it and you paste it on the screen , your television , and you travel from the inside to the outside , just like that . 
you know , i don &apos;t know how many you read about it , but it &apos;s not fun to read you , and often it &apos;s not fun to write anything worse . 
why ? well , our generation is getting old , we baby boomers eat healthy food and train , but what about our mind ? 
&quot; what would happen if i bought for each of these shoes , just the same pair of people who have no shoes ? &quot; 
this kind of embodies me the interconnected with the world , where everything connects to each other seems to connect all the dots together . 
and in other words , there are more and more people at retirement age than the birth of years reaching the retirement age . 
for example , you could be a warmer or a catcher , and it would depend on whether you &apos;re doing a sexual act or receiving it . 
among people down syndrome , an actor , writers , and some who can live on their own in adulthood . 
the problem , as we see , has to do with a word , &quot; space , &quot; or a phrase , &quot; geometry of the real world . &quot; 
a signal in the brain that causes disorders , we could think of as an excitement of an electrical stimulation , like the epilepsy . 
it makes less sense that a sense of protecting poison before recording , can predict who i choose in the next presidential election . 
galaxies form and generations of stars are born in these galaxies , and one of those stars , at least one single , a habitable planet . 
all of those immensely detailed calculations that we can do with this wonderful equation would not be possible without an additional information . 
she found out that in 70 percent of the time anonymous shell companies were being used to almost 56 billion dollars in total . 
we &apos;re going to do four changes of value that we see and drive the new consumer behaviors that are closing new management principles . 
i remember one night when someone called me on my cell phone -- a regular person i didn &apos;t know -- from tahrir square . 
communication technologies : there are 50 different ways of measuring this . the number of bits that are being moved , the size of the internet . 
sometimes there &apos;s a little extra applause for stars , and then , i think , even bill gates makes a nervous air , and then the talk begins . 
notice that in all these graphs , the vessels are steer in the inner of the group , authority , &quot; reincence . &quot; 
and we can connect them to the people in our social network that otherwise strangers us if we don &apos;t play games together . 
but the question , which sound in my head was , what drives people to destroy firecars that hurry their own houses ? 
and the goal of my talk is to first describe this moment : to make sure that , after my talk , you &apos;re dummer than you &apos;re before . 
if you know more , i think uganda is the only country in sub-saharan africa that was successful in the fight against the epidemic . 
there are problems with abundance and decreases , but it &apos;s probably pretty much like any city , and it &apos;s all of us . 
the main thing , &quot; make it a place , &quot; is ideal , because this product or service can be created without a lot of bureaucracy . 
what &apos;s really interesting about this is that we can &apos;t lose those obesity mice anymore than what &apos;s normal for a mouse . 
i could also be interested in how focused i am , so that i can put my attention down in the board on the other side . 
the night before i spoke first year , this presentation in princeton takes 20 minutes ago , and it &apos;s on 20 listeners . it &apos;s not . 
through this work , i hope to understand the evolutionary vulnerability of our bodies better so that we can improve our health in the future and better preserve our health . 
maybe you can &apos;t delete the person or anything else , but maybe you can pray the fact that the man has come to your own safer . 
one of my cousins died of aids and left an orphanage , so we asked ourselves , well , what do we do with it ? 
41 people who were basically not really sick , paid for a retirement who suffered from an incurable condition . 
our errors have climbed even faster , which has given us a healthy profit , and even though we treat a lot of people for free . 
we hope to open the door to further research in this direction , so that the remaining terrain is established in the future . 
and when a large facility turns off , you lose 1,000 megawatts in milliseconds , often for weeks or months , often without warning . 
we &apos;ve shown that there are little pieces of dna on the specific genes of breast glands that are actually responding to extracellular matrix . 
compared to a rat , we may be special , but that &apos;s not a fairer comparison , because we know we &apos;re not naked animals . 
dj : now one of the big issues , of course , everybody knows that cats hate water , and so this was a real discovery for us . 
together with a friend of mine , he decided to go without any rope or equipment to a redwood to see what was up there . 
when he got glasses about his very short-careful eyes , he suddenly looked up and said , &quot; mom , veo mundo . &quot; 
you know how it was , doncer tracy got a computer , a generator of 1957 to help the library of karen . 
there are actually so many different points of resonance that it &apos;s difficult to address them all , but i &apos;m going to do my best . 
however , i think it &apos;s crazy to believe that we can ever have a really meritocratic society , an impossible dream . 
you can train a fly to fly a smell like you see in blue when you put that smell together with a shock . 
if you drill water near a farming coke , it &apos;s not illegal , but it causes the community to cost . 
and all of this burning oil , coal and gas , all fossil fuels , atmospheric kills enormous . 
this includes different aspects , i could say that we could make more assumptions , or medical inventions could actually increase the cost . 
the whole thing may be very insulous , but in fact , it &apos;s very important because there &apos;s no interactive or virtual world right now . 
and on sunday , june 14th 2009 , june 14th afternoon in my apartment in skowhegan in maine . 
again , the same choice , you can go to number one and get two grapes every time , or you can take a risk and choose between one and three . 
i could see this first-hand when i went to a beautiful dong-village , in guizhou , the poorest province of china . 
so we climb onto a tree , and some of the things we &apos;re doing to climb onto the tree actually undermine the roots of the tree . 
in the hotel , all of them live together , dozers and students don &apos;t unusual to find them all at one o &apos;clock in the morning at a spontaneous practice . 
it &apos;s reported that wikileaks , your child , published more secret documents over the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined . 
so from papua new guinea to hollywood , to the modern art of beijing , we often smile happiness to express happiness . 
because mr. ross took your albes to the killing class when i was 16 years old , when the world was dark , i got your sunlight . &quot; 
and i think that will be the length of the elements of the human mind that we &apos;ve heard about and after so many speakers . 
instead , it &apos;s like we all sat together in a theater , but we can only see all the fog close to people . 
now why can we even tell anything about such a distant environment that is so different from anything that we &apos;re used to ? 
i had just done trigonometry in school and learned about parabolas there , and her ability to focus light radies at a point . 
please , join the work and do the best you can to create a country with estimated places and a shore nation . 
imagine using the internet , and you see a captcha that you find a little bit strange , just like this captcha . 
we are right now in the beautiful age of existence , at least of life on planet earth , at the end of the first terrible microbial era . 
and we think of it as , you know -- we &apos;re looking at it more on a moral level , rather than looking at it on the legal and financial level . 
this happened to be ok -- he &apos;s an anatomically interested little boy , and this is his mother . in other situations , it wouldn &apos;t be very good . 
but i told him no , i was sorry , compromise is the color grau , and we had enough gray for the rest of our lives . 
and it &apos;s focus . norman jewison told me , &quot; i think it &apos;s to focus on one thing . &quot; 
because you &apos;ve been up to 90 percent , because you have similar views of so many things , and you &apos;re at the point of other people . 
in 1935 , there were 150 thousand cases of malaria in the united states , but ddt and massive attacks of health were able to eradicate them . 
last week , bill clinton said at the ted awards , &quot; this situation has never been there , unequal , unfair and unstable . &quot; 
you can walk away , or just look at how this role-figure stands in the blender and looks at it , or you can actually interact with it . 
and there &apos;s a software group of people from all over africa , from ghana , from malawi , from kenya . 
this is what it looked like when it started , and you can call it the internet of the white men of middle-aged ages , mostly white men in middle ages . 
two years ago , we decided to change the way hunger was fighting , rather than giving them food as aid , we invite them in bunker . 
but only recently , thanks to technical advances , we can now demonstrate quantum levitation and quantum locking . 
after i got invited by ted , i hired some research , we make anthropologists stop trying to figure out something about my host . 
and interestingly , the older i grew when i became a full-time student at something called the musical institution , all of this was thrown . 
this is a contractor i got two years ago , and this was one of the biggest projects i and my company was ever involved in . 
this is a unique time to be a math teacher , because we have the tools to create this high-quality curriculum in our front pocket . 
it &apos;s a final quantum theory of time to merge space and gravitation is its peak , something that &apos;s happening right now . 
one of the things that we &apos;ve developed in the lab -- we &apos;ve developed several vehicles -- is how we think the first autonomous drift car in the world . 
what i &apos;m trying to say is that most carbon emissions are dominated by cars over 50 percent , so if we &apos;re just dependent on cars ... 
when we approach here , we see , again , the physics engine -- we turn on again -- we realize that a conversation is actually made of many smaller . 
if we want to do this kind of work better , we need to look only to africa to find these robust , self-organizing algorithms . 
and it follows that psychology and psychiatry can even claim , for the last 60 years , unfortunate people have made less unhappy . 
male males show the guys who grew up with no fathers . the sleeks wear tarnpattern and weapons , but they need &quot; hug . &quot; 
this is a good example , and shows that intentions are not going to be automatically action , and one of the fundamental challenges is that we have to really do it . 
you might say , &quot; well , that &apos;s not true . i read this generation of young afghan people in their 20s and &apos; 30s is uneducated . &quot; 
oh , and one more thing as a teacher urges me to do this : when war means war , there is an implicit equation of learning to lose . 
the resistance is big , because these tools force us to realize that we are not a system that we need to act with a different set of values . 
you cannot control compassion without being limited , and no one can be limited . either you are it or you &apos;re not . basta . 
we can train judges that they use the games of the laws and rather tolerant judgments than prejudice . 
but i wanted to learn more about the bible and my legacy by diving in it and trying to live it and drive it in there . 
before the food , these people just say a little phrase that will remind you of watching the food when the stomach is 80 percent filled . 
that means they &apos;re completely out of the trace in terms of traditional categories that are analog , static and interactive . 
stage one is a group where people systematically clarify the connections of working tribes , and then they come together with people who are equally connected . 
and we thought this was a very interesting comment to america -- and this kind of selfish , sort of non-opinion responsibility . 
and many of these chemicals are associated with the altitude incidence of chronic childhood illnesses that we can see in the developed states . 
now this could be a dog valve , someone who could go anywhere he shouldn &apos;t , like , a little brother in the little sister &apos;s room . 
the third one is important , because when we think that people get used to almoses , the free enhances of nets could destroy the market . 
i took this very literally , i took my bike helmet , and i put him a little bit wrong that the projector was doing well . 
so what you can do with the fact that this monkey is a very soft relative relative relative relative relative , even more evolutionarily . 
scientists around the world are fascinated by this cancer , this infectious cancer that spreads into the tasmanian devil population . 
and i followed this guy everywhere , until we were in the same room , and i read him one of my pieces , and you know what he said to me ? 
if i click on the side of juri gagarin , i get to this surprising little guy who &apos;s incredibly heroic . 
it &apos;s a gesture in the form of a cell phone with an iron weight inside that we can move , and you can feel where it &apos;s difficult . 
you see , i grew up in the warfare iraq , and i think there are two sides of war , and that we only see one side of it . 
and they connect us and many others to something i call the greatest adventure in history , the more sophisticated way that leads to equality . 
they come out and they give the mola fish -- you can see your posture , they say , &quot; i &apos;m not dangerous , but i need a massage . &quot; 
he was dead . there were other dead patients , fortunately , we could get a helicopter up to save these people . 
i &apos;m afraid . tell them to go away . &apos; when i was a young woman , i was three times at different times for rural psychiatry . 
the viewers are being committed to mutations , which are logical , but don &apos;t agree with what &apos;s going on in front of their eyes . &quot; 
these human demonstrations , all troubles and haunting , and we extract from them an extraordinated task path and control sequence for the robot . 
in short , the answer is that in the future in many countries , the coldest growing seasons will be warmer than anything they &apos;ve seen before . 
but whatever you do in the program , it has to be supported by people , meaning it has to be customized to the local , cultural values . 
we hoped that she would have some kind of malignant , spider artigence , but instead , she grew this kind of warmth kind of movement . 
but we didn &apos;t realize at the time that we needed a third one , because the hals was not distractable from the inside when the horse was supposed to run simultaneously . 
but this is how the user can control whether there &apos;s electricity or not electricity , because they can control the weight on the ground , how much percent oxygen they give to their patient . 
but somehow , over the last few centuries or decades , we &apos;ve started to take the picture of a mythic , rural , agricultural past . 
when i was 15 years old , i left this place to go to a city which was a little bigger -- was much bigger -- was to transcend the second part of the high school . 
they found that not many dvrs , they have very few microwaves , but they do a good job to keep their cars on the street . 
this deception forms a kind of prison for us that confines us to our personal accomplishment and to the love of a few , close individuals . 
keats himself has also given a career of medicine to devoted to poetry , but he died when he was a year older than i was . 
so i called the humane society , and i said , &quot; people , i &apos;m going to get some lambs , can you tell me how this works ? &quot; 
so i sat down and started writing , and further writing , even though i was actually gone there to get away from my desk . 
and this is the building , and this is the model , and on the right , the high-tech greenhouse and in the middle is the medical technology . 
sadly , our foreign services , the united nations , the military in these countries had a very bold idea of what &apos;s going on . 
on the corner row railroad , in the train park , in front of a health center in front of the police station . 
the wiring of our system of sharing the senses is shorter than the parts that have to go through the denkapparat , the cortex . 
whether it &apos;s math or music -- it just takes a long time to get a point where you can change something like it &apos;s better than before . 
people with brainstorms and injuries in the part of the brain , the feelings are not mega-intelligent , they &apos;re actually sometimes pretty helpless . 
when i think about the future , i never see myself moving forward at the time , and i imagine time moving backwards to me . 
and the speed that you &apos;re dealing with is &quot; slumdog millionaire , &quot; or the favelas in rio , talks about the sustainable way . 
right now and today , oil companies are fighting in oslo to borrow their secret payments to governments because they &apos;ve moved oil from developing countries . 
but they also talk about their board members , all their donations are being put into the company net so that anyone can see them . 
the mycelium , under corresponding conditions , produces a mushroom -- that fuses this force to break asphalt . 
i went to times square , and i looked at all the great women on the screen , and i wondered why nobody looked at the historical shapes behind them . 
i found charlie ledbetter yesterday talking very clearly about the need for consumers to bring people into the process of creating . 
under deck , the inner ear tells you , you move . but the eyes are moving in the sound with the boat , and they say , &quot; i &apos;m silent . &quot; 
and it stays with these sizes , until the queen dies at the age of about 15 to 20 years , and there is nobody who can produce new ants . 
but if we can go back and change our relationship , refocus our relationship to past people and events , then the neural pathways can change . 
their pictures became part of our collective consciousness , and because consciousness evolved into a common conscience , it became not only possible , but inevitable . 
in other words , i search for aliens . when i tell you this at a cocktail party , you usually look at me with a lightly overlooked look look look . 
the sad thing is that these chimpanzees -- who may have taught us more than any other type of humility in the wild are going to disappear very quickly . 
but both of the words that fishes are saving before drowning , or saving a human from drowning , for me , both have more to do with the intentions . 
and in the next plant period , they left the piano as many names of the dead path as the number of people who were born . 
as you can see , not only two main disciplines with medicine and engineering , but also different specialists within these two disciplines . 
this information inspires them and then decide what task they &apos;re doing depending on who is in the minority , in the majority of the population there . 
this is not a prediction for the price of commodity , it &apos;s a prediction for the long-term consequences , about the growth of price deaths . 
this is not so bad , even at two dozen years , either you open your browser and it &apos;s reported by a signal , or you get a cup of coffee . 
and if we do that in my class again this year , they &apos;ll be better this time , because learning has got a lot of mistakes in this process because the mistake is rich in this process . 
first , gps doesn &apos;t work in buildings , and second , there &apos;s no such little gps receiver , unless they have to send their position to a network . 
the fourth and final point : because he worked in the most horrible places in the world , of course , had a humility , a conscious awareness of the complexity of the world around him . 
there &apos;s a group of kids in southern india whose english language is really bad and they need a good language , because that could make their job choices better . 
and behavioral design is all about the sense of using it , and it involves the controllability , understanding it , but also the haptics and the weight . 
and when he said that , i felt goose on my skin , because he said it in the face of moab mountain mountains in the background . 
let &apos;s start this new revolution , anxiety at the old , synthetic biology as the way to transform both our environment and our future . 
in many articles , how long has a workers work to earn so much money that he can buy what he &apos;s making ? 
if you believe in &quot; i am my connectome , &quot; you must also accept the idea that death is the destruction of connectomes . 
and if you look at the map of any city in front of the industrial age , you can detect the traces of the income food . 
basically , he said , &quot; if you sit on god and you open your love , you don &apos;t lose anything , even if you &apos;re wrong with you . 
jenny is displaced about what she did , but then the translator explains that the patient &apos;s state has nothing to do with surgery . 
so about seven , eight years of reaching your peak , and then gradually come back until you start to the start point . 
so what you can say is that you can see the difference between an asian person and a european person by looking at their ingredients . 
now , here &apos;s the impossible shade of the deceased , great jerry andrus in 3d , with jerry in the middle of the impossible box . 
and i can tell you , this was a very important moment in my career when i realized that the great mentor believed in young people and new ideas . 
he had an amazing number of hair coming out of a mother &apos;s side of his face , which means very fortunate , as i was told . 
for nike shoes , where the upper parts are from polyester , infinitely recyclable , and the subparts are made of biodegradable soals . 
but if i think of a lecture for environmentally conscious students , they tell me , &quot; no , it can &apos;t all have cars and washing machines in the world . &quot; 
the number of pages that are mentioning this term , and they also mention this page , the percentage of these pages is the goolge share of this person . 
for example , thanks to pinks &apos;s talk about motivation , which was very good if you didn &apos;t see him , &quot; let carrot drop . let &apos;s drop cane . bring meaning . &quot; 
and just for fun , we have taken his picture through the software for censorship education , aging and weight gain to see what it would look like . 
these cases were more likely to be known in the mainland , such as in the rainforests of south america and africa where the land owners were paid to cut the trees . 
so i imagine a moment ago , not so far in the future -- my mother can go to their computer , open a browser and plug into a little robot . 
and finally , an ebay assignment for &quot; a world-known slide talk , &quot; in between obsolete , a museum play . please contact al gore . &quot; 
and as a blind person , the visual memories and are replaced by the feelings that you have to do and make things sound and smell things . 
take the brick walls for all the problems we &apos;ve bored on the planet , attracted to the environment and the social embassy of hope . 
so glucksberg has done another similar experiment where he put the problem in a slightly different way , like seeing up here . okay ? 
i didn &apos;t understand it . and paul rand was such a rustiger designer . a rocky designer , like good french bread , you know ? 
if you look at the new york times or other media elites , you get a very wealthy nation and the ones that we &apos;ve marched into . 
she grew up in rural , poorly region of india , was locked with 14 , and at about 21 , she moved into the house of her mother-in-law . 
he &apos;s now studying medicine at yale university , and he &apos;s mentioning to become a surgeon -- one of the first deaf people who aspire a surgical career . 
because office is well-equipped , everything you need to work , should be there , but people don &apos;t like to go there now ; how can we change that ? 
i just told you the story about the phoenix islands , this four-square area in the middle , but here &apos;s where every green area has its own story . 
this is based on food polls , on overweight rates and many other factors that make us a pretty good sense of what &apos;s actually consumed by the people . 
today , these low prices are available in the 25 countries we work in , and in total 62 countries , and about 50,000 people are benefiting . 
this is the first battery -- a stack of coins , zincs and silver , separated by one , saltated carton . 
much more ethitic brown grains , a little white wine , a great duft , a much better aroma . and what do you do ? 
the common explanation is that the universe has somehow come out of a kind of weird energy -- inflationary energy -- that has jumped it . 
and this effort of finding compassion in some of the rather outbreaking texts is a good general sample to do the same in everyday life . 
i bet i &apos;m the stupidest in this room because i haven &apos;t come through school . i &apos;ve failed at school . 
and there was another thing that happened : the people who went through the process and did the snake , ended up with less fears in front of other things in their lives . 
think about people who take too many risks and cannot appreciate the height of their risk , or take enough risks , we have to do something about it . 
his father was a fellow , and in fact he was another comedian with an unfortunate childhood , and from there we went to the gang . 
this was a bad idea , because philipp of macedonia had a son called alexander the great , and they lost the battle of chaironeia . 
that makes sense , isn &apos;t there ? there &apos;s any surface that can launch airplanes and land without worrying about noise mission or outdoor buildings . 
and then when there were claims about the budget , i said , &quot; the island is worth building because you can double your money : reflections . &quot; 
this is a proud proponent member of korea , and on the right side , we see a diverse design proposed by a team of mexico . 
in my last example -- a big part of my work , i do with spraying software , and you have to be quiet , because the software is silent . okay . 
and we have a lot of skills and experience , but it &apos;s a trick , so how to prepare to get through the glass ceiling . 
then you can also integrate the user with the design process , not just asking for your needs , but ultimately how you can get it . 
stage two : they teach children the koran , which is the holy book of islam , in arabic , a language those kids cannot understand and cannot speak . 
when i looked at her case , i found to my surprise that it &apos;s not clearly illegal to hide gps senders in other cars . 
and i think in the next five to 10 years , we can make the squares that i &apos;ve described and maybe even some of the self-assembled circuits . 
and you can be modeled by a federal masse system , and we call this because we &apos;re a biomechanicist . it &apos;s actually a pogo stick . 
did they know that today we &apos;re holding a global herd of 60 billion animals to feed us with meat , of milky products , eggs and leather stuff ? 
and now i &apos;m going to show you something -- russian satellites , steal -- stolen , probably deployed by america , but we &apos;re looking at this now . 
&quot; ... you never wait for sure , but i can assure you that your brand , because of which you were always so insecure , is worthwhile . 
the bird goes into the heavens , and you hear the words , &quot; juanito , juanito , viente a comer mi hijo ! &quot; 
science teaches us that all intuition is that inspiring objects like crystals or rocks are really almost entirely made of empty space . 
things where you stumble ideas like the copernican principle , the fermi-paradoxon , the anthropic principle of life . 
but the moment it hits the outer environment , and its temperature increases just a fraction of a grave , it will immediately become ordinary matter . 
he spoke to the crowd in chicago : &quot; if there is somebody in the world who has doubt that america is a place where all things are possible ... &quot; 
there &apos;s a security report that you can read -- it &apos;s checked by dod when you google &quot; triets &quot; and smallpox . &quot; 
here it was . thursday morning , we put the medication down , and here &apos;s the cardiogram , the signal from his heart , through radioteley metry . 
one explanation is that the person is not infected -- it &apos;s overwhelmingly likely if you randomly chose somebody -- but the test is wrong , which is unlikely . 
when you think of a coral reef , most people imagine this : all these big , hard coral and lots of colorful fish l1 and so on . 
i spent a lot of time thinking about coffee houses in the last five years , because i was looking for the answer to the question where good ideas come from . 
i also grew up where fuchs and hase were saying good night at a scottish street in rural arkansas , an hour away from the next cinema . 
women , like sakena and leah and layma , have made me modest , change and let me realize that i shouldn &apos;t make any exceptions of any kind . 
this plane called durkheim the level of the sacral , because he believed that the function of religion was the union of people in a group , in a moral community . 
this is stanley milgram , a jewish boy from the bronx , and he said , &quot; could the holocaust happen here and now ? &quot; 
but they could point to who , and let them know that there was this surprising and unexplained accurate of pathology that looked like birdflu . 
it wouldn &apos;t be much fun to talk about space age without seeing one of the flags that were carried with apollo 11 to the moon . 
and if you run faster , as i walk faster , it &apos;ll notice that time interval , which is between two finished heels . 
so i don &apos;t want to spouse , but i want to be a fitter office hamster with 10 hours a day , not more balanced , but only appropriate . 
remember this picture , because i &apos;m going to show you another picture later , and here &apos;s how much she looks like her grandmother , although she looks at the same time as western . 
we can see it in the upper half of the screen there is a thousand-feet that &apos;s going on over the computer when it &apos;s infected with this virus . 
if you replace the word &quot; blogosphere , &quot; or today &apos;s internet , it &apos;s very correct that its perception is now very inconclusive . let &apos;s hear it in . 
a bookmobil -- the size of a supplier with satellite bowl , printer , printer , accountability and cudmachine , and the kids make their own books . 
but because my mother had been educated and she remembered my siblings and kept reminding that she doesn &apos;t want us to live a life like her life . 
and that raises the question of how we might define animal species in the age of biotechnology -- a question that we don &apos;t even know how to answer them . 
many sociologists like veblen and wolfe would argue that we take origins so important because we &apos;re snobs , because we &apos;re focused on status . 
after the training interview with the japanese manager who took half an hour , he finally said , &quot; this , woman yang , did you ask me ? &quot; 
so in the last 10 years , the number of patients who need an organ has doubled as the number of times the transplants are barely defeated . 
and what i &apos;m most interested in is the invisible space between a text and a single image , and how the image is transformed by the text and the text through the image . 
the protests against vietnam , the thinking of all the victims of aids pandemic , the march for the reproductive rights of women , to the present . 
and in the extent , as human beings did responsibility for wildlife , the number of wildlife grew back . and this has become a basis of conservation in namibia . 
so i hope that i could show you one morning or two more objects from this stage , but today i just wanted to thank all of those who came to us and talked to us about it . 
don &apos;t waste it to the 90 percent of the energy that we waste every day , and what mr. gore has reminded us , even our energy , intelligence and hard experience . 
when we asked einstein , he would say , &quot; if the cow crossed the street , or the street was moving under the cow , depends on its reference framework . &quot; 
maybe the reason that retirement believes that the retirement will has become more descended during the young unemployed feeling that it has been urged to them . 
the ten commandments are , however , hard with the education system , so we &apos;ve been thinking , why don &apos;t we ask people to sign an honor code . 
these mountains are dangerous places , but ultimately , the fate of these trees families depends on , and in fact , all the bears around the north pacific are dependent on the sales . 
but if you lose 50-80 percent of the colonies , you can &apos;t survive three years behind each other , and it makes us great worried that we are losing that area of our economy . 
so , i hope i &apos;ve convinced you about this -- the impact on the health care resources are enormous and the effects of the diseases are also impressive in all of these different diseases and more . 
&apos;when you give him a month , the rent comes out with his handlangers and throws one out . he &apos;ll fisy your stuff . &apos; &apos; armstrong said . 
and this is the flight through the scores cloud for tikal , and here you see the rendering and photography of the photos that we &apos;re making in the field . 
so the problem was , and they left this dilemma to me that you had to design the interior with the existing technology , and there was no money for tools or shapes . 
it &apos;s the idea of an eternal country that &apos;s developed out of an old civilization , united by a common story , but mainly maintained by pluralistic democracy . 
and if you take out the secret of life , it &apos;s also a little easier to think about our way of life , and maybe we &apos;re not as special as we always think . 
i could do it again to show it again , but then some will say it was a complete waste of the whiskey , and i &apos;d rather drink it . 
as a black man in america , it &apos;s for me to live compared to a white , twice as likely to live in an area where air pollution is the biggest health risk . 
it happened again about 120 or 140 million years ago , as a single wasp , started making small , simple , primitive nests , or beehives . 
but is there a rational thing that &apos;s actually why we &apos;re afraid of this ? is this because we think we &apos;re all very bad at this point ? 
but i was driven by the harsh meaning that an image that would contain the real face of war almost by definition would be an anti-war photo . 
and in my mind , i realized as a surgical pioneer that the purpose of my influence was safe to raise my voice for those who have no influence . 
the spending per student is only under 20 percent responsible for capability between countries , luxemburg is about the most expensive system , doesn &apos;t cut very well . 
if we really want to get to a point , we really want to confront carbon mission ; we really want to lower our energy use ; it has to be solved in places like india . 
okay , so a computer is making certain data out of the memory , and it sends it to the main processor or or the alu , and lays the result back into the memory . 
and in the future , when it sees something similar , in a similar environment , or the exact same environment , it plays it again . it will start to address it . 
he said , &quot; well , as a kid . &quot; he said , &quot; in school , that was really a problem , because if you &apos;re in school , everybody wants to be a fireman . &quot; 
then we feel miserable , looking for meaning and meaning in life , feel vulnerable , then we take some beers and a banana nus muffin . 
this factory in china , which is pretty clean , gets their ingredients from backhof-sleeping stores where families are batting animals and extracting ingredients . 
and over time , the mushroom has evolved and adapted to invade itself the tiniest phosphorus trajectory and make it available to the plant . 
and now , unlike the laparoscopy , you can place the needle just in the instrument , and you can do it all the way through it and follow it in your orbit . 
now we stop the 30-minute long film , we turn the time into the vertical axis and open the views of the traces that we &apos;ve left . 
and in the process , cities have begun to think about how urban structures should be designed , so that people are encouraged to become more slow , to smell on roses and connections . 
feminism was never sexy , but i can assure you that it never stopped me from flirts , and i rarely had a lack of men . 
because the way he presented his concept -- his approach was very different from our rigid . he presented to one of the things that they were about to sale . 
what we really need to learn as a leader is that we can influence the quality of production by creating the right conditions for our employees to live their professions . 
if you haven &apos;t noticed , our media climate in general represents a very distorted reflection of our lives and our gender , and i think that &apos;s going to change . 
and that &apos;s why you don &apos;t have a great career , unless it &apos;s -- &apos; it &apos;s because , &apos; it &apos;s the most ticking of all the words -- &apos; it &apos;s . 
and i would say , this non-zero-sum dynamic will only be strengthed over time , because of technical endeavor , but in a negative way , it will reinforce . 
and finally , i hope you &apos;ll join me to just change the last little bit of a little bit , &quot; if it &apos;s broken , it &apos;s my collar . &quot; 
on the top left , we have canada and australia , with enormous land areas , very high per capita consumption , 200 or 300 light bulbs per person , and very small population density . 
and that in just four hours , 50 times faster than the current state of technology , costs a fifth to a hundredth of the cost of current possibilities . 
now , if you go down under average of this curve , the psychologists are out of the clubs , because that means you &apos;re either depressed or you have a disorder , hopefully both . 
chaz ebert : it was chaz standing on my side through three attempts to reconstruct my jaw and give me the ability to speak . 
a friend of mine from the security industry recently told me that there are two kinds of companies in the world : those who know they were hacked , and they don &apos;t know . 
just recently , we &apos;ve been through a breakthrough where we now believe that we can create the first synthetic , self-cleaning dry glue . many companies are interested in it . 
and norway , sweden , denmark and finland are among the six competitive nations in the world and working hours where the average american would cry . 
what the climate crisis has let us recognize is a secondary , more powerful and profound crisis , and that is the crisis of activity , which is what they do . 
think , if you look at the current generation that it &apos;s suspicious , it doesn &apos;t know what it has , that we &apos;re raising a generation of privileged children ... 
the 200,000-year-old period in which men were the shepherds , is actually trying to write the end , and so i &apos;m talking about the end of the men . 
there are little barriers out there all over there , and if any of you have to do with kids , and you have your future at heart , please , i &apos;ll take you , take this brochure with you . 
they said something more polite , &quot; oh , you know , there &apos;s good software programmers and accountants , but the creative stuff you can &apos;t do . &quot; 
in questioning european and american leaders , all 85 percent have admitted that there were questions or concerns in the work that they were afraid to do . 
and he explained to me that i also had a brother , and when i first saw her , i was probably about three or four years old , and they were 30 years older than i was . 
just from the philosophical aspect , i think this was one of the most important publications that we &apos;ve ever imagined since they demonstrated how dynamic life is . 
and if you don &apos;t want to fold in 400 shoes , you can stay back and do just a few things and add a turtle tank or toes . 
it turns out that our trajectory on the museum was worth a lot more than the debt , so i had to pay for five , six years just a third income taxes . 
what &apos;s interesting is that the muslim pakistanis , he spins the name of all muslims , pakistanis and people from the middle east , and all over the world . 
i would argue that in britain there is a much better framework , which is by telling people that in britain , more express-mail arrives the next day in germany . 
so to make it short -- so i started . first of all , i went to them and said , &quot; you know , maybe i could connect your filials and make it more efficient . &quot; 
they &apos;re being transferred directly to their congress , to their united states senator , to their gouvernour , where the legislation is for the capital disorder . 
as soon as a creature increases , almost a creation process , where we figure out what the creature wants to live , what shape they have and how it wants to move . 
and now these women . you saw her parents suffered from diarrhea , they themselves suffered below them . they have seen a lot of people die , so what do you answer this question ? 
so what we want to do is look at the average number of cubes , until we see head-tail-head , compare to the average number of cubes , up to head-tail-tail . 
we are oily in aug with some serious disasters , but we &apos;re just as denying terrorism , and this happens from 9 / 11 . 
if we think of the dictionary as a map of the english language , the bright places are what we know about it , and the dark dots are in the dark . 
so if you &apos;re in drug research , for example , you can go through a whole list of offers that have a genome to offer you , maybe to find better places and optimize them . 
it doesn &apos;t just have to stop israeli and palestinian contributors from caring each other , it has to figure out what could we care about in the middle east . 
and she went forward with this quiet and clarity and such a absence of fear that she came to the first weapon , put her hand on her and dropped it down . 
and i &apos;m going to talk about how the world &apos;s population has changed since and into the future , but i &apos;m not going to use digital technologies like i &apos;ve done in my first five tedtalks . 
and our test pilot gave us the best feedback that you could get from a test pilot after a first flight , and that was that the flight was voluntary . 
for one thing , it allows us to explore the universe , and the worldwide telescope is for me a kind of flying carpet that can navigate through the universe , where you want to . 
most mothers cook like me : a piece of meat , a faster salt with a dressing out of the bottle , soup from the dose , homicide salad as well . 
so we &apos;re working on this penguin project , which is wildlife conservation society has given me money , just like many individuals in the last 27 years , so we &apos;re able to produce these maps . 
but if something was written on the sheet , then some people could have more of it than others , and if you think about consistent , that would justify discrimination and inequality . 
because if you think about some of the issues that we talked about last night -- that last session about africa and its mortological 50 billion dollars that are meant for africa . 
and because it was in the union square park , right next to a subway station , there were hundreds of people who stopped looking up and looking at what we were doing . 
every interaction is recorded by more and more sensors : your phone , your credit card , your computer . it &apos;s lots of data , and we get the opportunity to understand our existence . 
now , maybe all of you have been clear for a long time , but for me , so many times i encountered this difficulty every day , i had never seen this notion of the challenge of insane . 
unfortunately , if you focus on the needs , you don &apos;t get a target agenda , because the needs of all sides are so big in this situation , but the possibilities of change are limited . 
if you realize that you &apos;re too suspicious , you &apos;re the whole conversation about angry , not just going to be back and forth ; you &apos;re going to be angry during the entire questioning . 
your last job , your last year-old reservation in the restaurant , your former friends are standing at a stage with current friends , because the internet is archiving and breaking the past . 
living with a physical disability , nirgends in the world is easy , but if you live in a country like the united kingdom , you suffer a certain device to support life . 
and even if he didn &apos;t stand on the stage , if you just wanted to tell him hello for a second , he was often given the conversation early on , worried he took away the other person &apos;s time . 
i work for the new yorker , and i write pages , and then 9 / 11 came , and that was , a total end of the world as we knew it . 
but over the course of the &apos; 70s and &apos; 80s , the government of south korea decided a rapid industrialization , and then what they did was to urge women into the workforce . 
so this is how things are going to evolve , because china has a very specific problem that is different from europe and the united states . china has a population and no place . 
i &apos;m not showing you this picture because i want to give you a bumper , but to make you look at my philosophy of life , which is that we all have two targets . 
that means that the stock market is going to operate with a trade system that will start with a big cry , because we don &apos;t think the country is ready for completely electronic trade . 
and in fact , at the top you can see the blue fields before the intervention that are using less glucose than normal , especially here in the glass and the temporal lobes . 
this question seems to be answered quickly , and so howard thought , because pepsi had told him , &quot; look , we &apos;re working in a domain between eight and 12 percent . 
the next moment , right after they finished and wound in the shadows , a young man came with a gas pole , she tapped to a tree and put a curtain . 
alert equipment , equipment that doesn &apos;t work very well , or it works , and you can &apos;t repair it . it &apos;s not bad as long as we use it and then we move on . 
you &apos;re afraid that if you &apos;re looking for your passion and you don &apos;t find those , you &apos;re going to feel like an idiot , so you &apos;re aiming why you &apos;re not looking for your passion . 
gene even put flitheses in the kitchen that tell a story : it was a beautiful girl who came from the hills of korea to live happily in atlanta . 
and she serves it again and again in this way , and if you complained , you &apos;ll say , &quot; what do you know ? in this restaurant , there &apos;s the dish in the best way . &quot; 
okay , and one last election problem : shake your hand for six seconds or send somebody a little thank you in a text , email , facebook or twitter . go ! 
one of the people we interviewed was frank jorden , the former mayor of san francisco earlier . he was the san francisco headman in san francisco . 
but the problem of leaving rules and incentives is that they demoralize the occupational activity , and they demoralize the occupational activity in two ways . 
for most pathogens , it worked well , semi-walking good for smart bazillas the flu , but at all , for hiv , people don &apos;t have natural immunity . 
she lives with all of this insecurity , and in fact , she was in january , while the tribal crystals were out of her home , and she had to find a new hut that she could live on . 
a 14-year-old kid gets into school , this version of the sentence of pythagoras , which is really very pointful and interesting , but really not a good way of doing math . 
so , as you &apos;re sitting around with the other patient &apos;s sleep , and every barrel and thin looks , and you &apos;re waiting for your round gamma rays , you &apos;re thinking about a lot . 
and then , to suit the reaction that you &apos;re about to see , i touched it at a second with a sharp p p p on its nerve ring , like the sharp teeth of a fish . 
what &apos;s really beautiful to me about the idea of task shifting , but it &apos;s not that it just makes health care accessible and affordable power , but it &apos;s fundamentally powerful . 
jack nicholson could do this in his promi-life , and the fact that he was trying to do , he had a little angry case , and he was slamming a driver with a golf cup . 
but with all seriousness -- because this idea of ted was born , i want this to be a legacy of ted , and i want to call it the international system for total early detection of diseases . 
drugs abuse changes the way they evaluate the world , and they change the way they evaluate it with the drug of their election symbols , and they estimate it from all other things . 
i want to talk to you today about what problems the military of some western states -- australia , the united states , england and so on -- some sentences that they &apos;re doing in the modern world . 
and so , as an oncologist , we &apos;re not going to have lots of paper in the records , we &apos;re going to have a data flow that will look something like this , where this drop of blood gigabytes is generating data . 
there are lots of places where warheads are being stored and lots of places with fission material , like highly enriched uranium and plutonium , which are absolutely not secure . 
we repeated the experiment with the same groups , but we added a delay between the enlightenment of how we deal with the data , and the actual beginning of the question . 
and if you can see these little guys vibrating around here -- they &apos;ll be the same here -- you &apos;ll see the kind of vibration depends on the geometry of the extra dimensions . 
waiting for 10 years for education is too long if you have to fulfill your daily tasks , if you have to worship the siblings , or in business . 
and if you work with the right side of humor , you have -- that &apos;s the key to the cosmic collection of all knowledge in which you can find the solution to any problem . 
that motivated me to become an orthopedic surgeon and find out if i could not dedicate to solutions of problems that allowed me to continue sports instead of constraining myself . 
it &apos;s the driver who &apos;s moving his hands up to the levers -- and so the mechanism can be very simple to be kept and built out of bike parts everywhere you get anywhere in the world . 
i want to look back 20 years now and see that there is still a liberian girl , a ghanaian , nigerian , ethiopian girl standing on this ted stage . 
during less years , each country that started eradicating polio had quickly eradicated all the three of their polio viruses with the exception of the four countries you see here . 
and he decided to treat it as if they were trilobites or snails and try to do a morphological analysis and try to guide their genealogical history . 
our paradigm was to take the seven key mountains of aserbaijans as a pattern , and put them into urban architectural structures that people can live . 
we understand how to interpret microwave background radiation that was left 13.72 billion years ago -- and yet we can calculate what it should look like and it fits . 
as many of you know , this is the composition where the pianist is sitting on his bank , opening the piano , sitting there and doing nothing for four minutes 33 seconds -- this time of silence . 
but there &apos;s also a scientific reason for this project , which is to use the data of this natural long-term study to understand the process with which a child learns his language , this child , my son . 
now it &apos;s not -- if you make a table and things at work , a word document , they &apos;re not part of the web but they &apos;re going to be . they &apos;re going to be part of the machine . 
by 2030 , a single man &apos;s first will be able to destroy this planet , destroy it all , for example , through invention of a biopathogen . 
so the idea was that you &apos;re doing your work right now , at 14 : 30 , your students come in and you &apos;re interrupting what you do , or you &apos;re diving , or you &apos;re working a little bit later . 
because -- i &apos;m quite experienced in guiding systems as a pilot , but this is really -- you have to be liquid , you have to be fley , and you have to adapt really quickly . 
there were so many skeptics , especially the londoner press , so they started cheeseburgers in helicopter to fly around my box to try to make me temptation . 
so we did an experiment , and we put a naked volunteer in a big cage , and in that cage , we got tired to see what body digits you put in the person . 
and there are days -- i don &apos;t know how they &apos;re doing this -- but there are days where i can feel it tangible , how much i &apos;m proven for anything in my life on other people . 
well , i &apos;m telling you , there &apos;s been a lot of competition in the world last year , because the arab spring is still spreading , the eurozone is collapsing -- what else ? 
audre lorde once said , &quot; the white fathers taught us to say , &apos; i think i &apos;m . &apos; &apos; &quot; she proposed : &quot; i feel , so i &apos;m free . &quot; 
people have lived a lot longer than about 10,000 years of sporting and agriculture farming culture , in small family groups , were eating nomadic hunters to gather food . 
and what &apos;s interesting about him is that scientists who participated in the census a few years ago found that this little guy could live in oxygen sediments in the deep ocean . 
to make this more concrete , let &apos;s look at the top 10 words that are statistically susceptible , both in the most popular tedtalks and in the most unpopular tedtalks . 
and because the summit pressure , the bjamin &apos; book was done by brad , we were able to transfer the data from brad at age 44 to brad at age 87 . 
but there is a region that &apos;s not linked to international trade , and it can create a lot of jobs , and certainly a reasonable sector is after conflict , and this is the construction industry . 
in all the last few years , we &apos;ve seen digital tools with skills and skills that they &apos;ve never had before , and somehow what we do is we attack people as a living , i &apos;ll give you a few examples . 
and because we don &apos;t know our preferences so well , we &apos;re prone to all these impacts of external forces , the standards , the special options that are presented to us , and so on . 
we &apos;re also working on supportive education in health care care technologies , also in echocardiography , focused ultrasound on the heart , everything that motivates people to be educated . 
i wrote a book about it in 1993 , but when i finished the book , i had to write a little bit of a script , and i was sorry to go to my copy shop , so i bought a computer . 
but the interesting thing about this place in arizona was for me to work with this extraordinarily normal public school , and there were these times where we opened opportunities . 
i &apos;d like to go back and share our investigations with the government of kiribati , who share their seat on the atoll tarawa , so in the west island group , share . 
the key observation he made was that a free-flowing wing can sail through more air and produce more energy in a given time than the turbine of a starry wing wing . 
food is being done with a poor force , which is about 50 thousand times more powerful than the normal gravity , and , my god , as she enlightens the chicken . 
as opposed to this , everybody knows deep inside this act of self-generosity if out of the television , without anyone knowing that we could save a child &apos;s life , make someone happy . 
now , i &apos;ve shown you some lab data , and now the real question is : what &apos;s the evidence for people to prevent certain food types of angiogenesis in cancer ? 
and if you look up here , there &apos;s a big river that &apos;s landing in the lake , leading the sediment and conserved the remains of the animals that lived there . 
some people think the number is high , but copyright mathematicians , who are also experts in the media lobby , are just surprised that they don &apos;t have inflation every year . 
i made the difficult decision to go back home after my graduation and not get up to capitol hill , but down to my parents &apos; basement and make it my job , painting . 
and just like , 25 years ago , there was an oil promoting maximum in 1920 , there was a carbon promoting maximum , and a hundred years before that , there was a logging maximum . 
everything that is there is , in fact , the brand protection , and that means that everybody could release any piece of dress from every person in this room and sell it as a design . 
so these studies have shown or suggested that there &apos;s a variety of important functions in the microbial community that are clouds that live in and on us . 
i want you to turn into the media , because the media is empowering some of the stereotypes that we have about other people and separate each other from us . 
the other thing that i think is important is that , in many topics of national security policy , it &apos;s not just about foreign policy , it &apos;s about budgets , military budgets , and how state debt evolves . 
ferdinand foch , a french general call one of the most brilliant minds of the french army , said , &quot; airplanes are interesting toys , but without military value . &quot; 
there &apos;s more evidence , so you can say -- a scientist criticized me , he said , &quot; you &apos;re never going to publish a study at n = 4 , &quot; and he said the four accidents . 
underneath a yellow coat with white pelz , a yellow black rent , and you see this clothes in many other paintings , in many different women in vermeer &apos;s paintings . 
we film it with one of my developed camera systems called eye in the sea using infrared light that &apos;s invisible to most animals to affect it . 
&quot; many people don &apos;t know the alphabet or the one-by-one , don &apos;t write grammatically correctly -- &quot; we &apos;ve heard this earlier , not just 1956 . 1917 , a teacher from connecticut . 
she wrote her very own software to design this dna origami and build , a wonderful representation of china , even with taiwan , and it &apos;s basically on the shortest edges of the world , right ? 
and i think that this interaction with the story that &apos;s often difficult to confront with the story , to create a position that is beyond our normal expectations , and to create a creative criticism . 
it was for me one of the great aspects of the year to keep the sabbath , because i &apos;m a workaholic and having that one day that you can &apos;t work on -- that really changed my life . 
when i learned a few years ago that writers have to wait up with an unfortunate childhood to be successful , i started thinking about how i could invent bad things that my parents had done to me . 
toyota , instead of training his supplier counterparts , treating them like a network and training them to produce better , even though they train them to produce better for their competitors . 
i don &apos;t have time to talk about the benefits of plant food , but that &apos;s rejected -- and i want to make it quite clear -- it &apos;s not ingredients of plants , it &apos;s the plants that are on it . 
it was created by analyzing their pattern of communications , the use of many of these tools , analyzing , doubt , the intelligence agencies in the world today do the same work for attacks last week . 
when she was going to walk onstage , the tele-directors still would have been trying to figure out what was going on , so she just walked on the stage and had done what was most natural . 
in may 2013 , i was 35 years old with a two-year-old at home and my second child on my way was diagnosed with a big aneurysma based on my brustaorta . 
so we would have a live website , every single one of the 33 days we would blog , stories , you know , tell us , used oxygen that forces us to cover our faces , or we burn . 
now , if we take this metaphor of a genome as a program seriously , then you have to think that chris anderson is a computer-generated object , like jim watson , craig venter , all of us . 
when he met me and realized that he could study quantitative , which affects his design decisions on the ecology and biology of this building , he was fascinated , because it was so generated by this whole new capabilities . 
in zimbabwe , for example , there were only about a dozen psychiatrists , mostly in harare city , only a few stood for the supply of mental illness within the nine million strong population . 
when i go to a philosopher party , and you ask me what i &apos;m working on , and i say , &quot; consciousness , &quot; your eyes are not going to be smooth -- your lips are moving to a button . 
they &apos;re all watching us . they &apos;ve built a spionagecenter in the basement , where they want to find the peacekeepers under us , and who doesn &apos;t fit because of terrorism . 
so , as i said before the last piece , they don &apos;t feel like we were living on a sphere , but on an infinite level that makes the illusion go back to the point of starting . 
and i kind of started shining through what it &apos;s like to do -- i read a book by lewis hyde -- it &apos;s called trickster makes the world . 
when life passed a series of deaths and near-death experiences in my closest circle , it raised the need for a medical intelligence agency in india , 911 in the u.s . 
because my father left business club in our hometown , who was just open for men , because he said he &apos;d never be part of an organization that would one day take his son , but not his daughter . 
if you look at birds that can live for a long time , cells from birds tend to be resistant to environmental stress , like higher temperatures or hydrogen peroxxide , such things . 
now , we have a real-time map , which shows where refugee camps are , and quickly it became the best map that you could use when you made emergency work in port au-prince . 
and so glorious to this discovery , peter higgs and his team , 50 years ago , had looked at one of the most profound all questions : how does it matter that the things we insist have no mass ? 
like fox mulder in the series , &quot; akte x , &quot; who wants to believe in ufos ? well , we all want that . and the reason for all of this is the belief machine in our brains . 
we gave them cameras , they went over campus , and they made 12 pictures of their favorite professors , their rooms and dogs and all the other things they wanted at harvard memories . 
one is the big global economy , the big globalized economy , and the other small instances and very limited capacity of our traditional governments and their international institutions to leverage this economy . 
and anyway , as we define atheism , it &apos;s certainly the kind of scientific opinion that can have a person without being a patriotic , non-electable non-citizen . 
every choice looks like anything &apos;s going wrong , some trying to cheat , or something &apos;s wrong -- here &apos;s a rule disappearing , there &apos;s constant remaining . 
you can &apos;t anticipate the facts of the video , but a lot of learning from it , there are a lot of ways that help us grow into the profession of the teacher when we &apos;re given improvement options . 
this one is blue , and this is the color of most bioluminescence in the sea , because evolution has elected the color that &apos;s most widely visible through sea water to optimize communication . 
we are the only ones that actually gave the $ 50,000 prize back because they didn &apos;t believe us , and we thought they were vulnerable to the barefoot architects of tilonia . 
these are some designs from eric drexers &apos;s book -- we &apos;re just showing that they &apos;re done with super-computer simulations , there are actually researchers that made molecule large robotics . 
if you put something off and you pour , this is what happens : every time you put it in silicon and you pour it out with harz , it loses a little volume and a little bit of scale . 
so let me combine all of you . and , i can also change the sounds by staying on this pedal here , and -- let me end this with a little hambone or something like that . 
so when i was reading a newspaper on the business pages the story of hollywood , i actually felt that it was an amazing opportunity to tell a story about all these preconceptions . 
and very soon they had begun to transport this coal , tons around clay , access gwagon to gwagon , bootsladung , back to china and all over the world . 
first , some bundles of magnetic field are caught inside , but the superconductor doesn &apos;t like it when they move , because their movements use energy , and the superconducting disorder . 
after an hour in these conditions , it &apos;s so extreme that , if i subdive , i have to break almost always in my breathtaking , because my body cannot handle the stress of the cold on my head . 
we &apos;ve assembled a lot of biodiversity and sustained , agricultural diversity , mostly in the form of saatwell , which we save in seed banks , a kind of frozen . 
certainly if a patent pool can be established to promote the production of military airplanes , we should be able to do something similar to deal with the hiv / aids epidemic . 
for example , in east asia , there &apos;s a lot of value being put on respect for older people , in relation to confucius &apos;s application of childhood piectivity , which is praying for praying , respect from the parents and their support . 
dum ta da dum dum dta da dum her musical friend will stop and say , &quot; you know , this cover music for your data revolution , which is an opera , this is wagner . 
this is birhan , the ethiopian girl who was launched in the 1980s live aid , 15 minutes away from death when she was rescued , and this picture of her rescue has gone around the world . 
and that &apos;s what we do . wikipedia -- you &apos;ve just seen a little demonstration of it -- is a freely licensed encyclopedia . it &apos;s done by thousands of volunteers around the world in many languages . 
we heat them , add some salt , heat them up almost to the seventh dot and cool them down , and during the cooling , the short strands are fixing the long strand , and it builds up a structure . 
and meaning , in this view , if you look at eudemonstration , it &apos;s in knowing what its greatest strengths are and utilizing them to belong and to stand in the service of something bigger than you are . 
trying to make this perspective , and to enlighten us through the vast nature of our culture , we have to work with these huge numbers , and the numbers have millions , hundreds of millions , billions and now billions . 
it &apos;s about a five-meter long metal pipe , with about 100 holes on it , on the page , is the speaker , and here &apos;s a tube connected by it with a propangasian bottle . 
and so in every arrival of a new medium is the old medium of content , and it &apos;s very observable , very remarkable , but the real intermediate and is done by the new medium , and it &apos;s ignored . 
but it also has reconcilial trains : it &apos;s suspended from the ground , and it has these empty , and it has a blank in the middle , its mind and its facade remind a company or a building of amtshire . 
one of them was also , although logic is a good idea to have a lift without a wedding and smothering , if it only serves two stories , this is scared . 
so , 57 times 68 is 3,400 , plus 476 is 3,86 , which is 38,7,761 plus 171 , 38,760 plus 171 is 38.91 . 
but this commandment that bible says you &apos;re not going to touch a woman during certain times of the month , more you &apos;re not going to sit anywhere where a pregnant woman has healthy . 
over the last seven years , i &apos;ve been following my fascination for the built environment , and all of you who know me would say that this passion has caused me to live in the suitcase 365 days a year from the suitcase . 
waste sale , for example , something that you believe would be done by yourself , but the laws that can download the rules like shipping garbage are always weaker , the farther away from the coast . 
for me , china -- four years ago , i started photographing it , and china is truly a question for me of sustainability , to say that china has a big impact on my childhood industries . 
beautiful beams that look like something that you would find on an exhibition of the bark , also ockergelbe color , which are about 100,000 years old . 
and here &apos;s a virgin captivity that the whistles of the trainer , if you were to summarize the melody of their dog or their cat , and the animals would repeat them , you would definitely make eyes . 
and i &apos;m just stumbled about this because i &apos;ve lived in mal for a long time in maldives , so that the fact that something very special was going on inside my brain . 
now , here we are connected to long beach and elsewhere , with all the secret places , with a fraction of the cost , and we can send huge amounts of data , and we can receive something without it costs us . 
the next one . now it &apos;s about the profound , and this is where i -- i think i was on tour when i read one of the feynman biographies . it was the red or the blue one . 
so what we &apos;re trying to do is to promote these technologies for bottom-up approaches in architecture , as opposed to today &apos;s victorian top-down method , which is a structure of a structure . 
the core of all of this today is hopefully not just honesty for the sake of honesty , but the hope that we are speaking open and honest about these experiences together to bend the happiness scales a little bit up . 
and once again , they would say , &quot; if we had access to non-lethal weapons , then we could deal with these threats , and we know if we hit somebody else , at least we haven &apos;t killed him . &quot; 
he goes and walks the governor . the governor says boris nikolajetsch , i see you do a great job , and your best newspaper is the most respected newspaper in our district . 
it &apos;s barefoot . it &apos;s going to run back into his house , and it &apos;s going to contaminate his drinking water , his food and environment with the diseases he &apos;s carrying through the color particles on his fingers and feet with him . 
they &apos;re also going to ask you that if we knew that this was the way hiv came into human populations , and other diseases had the potential to come in this way , why have we kept using behavior like this ? 
we spent a lot of time looking at one billion dollars of business -- you know , you know -- a billion dollar oil business that he was involved in , and what we found was shocking , but later on . 
what &apos;s interesting about this is that reputation is the socioeconomic vehicle that takes collaborative consumption to run and measure , but the sources that it comes from , and its applications are much bigger than the original space . 
brian photographed a marine protected area in new zealand , where commercial fishing is forbidden , which has a result that overfishing sores recover , and with that , there &apos;s a possible solution for sustainable fish scales . 
hc : so after chris and i was staring for about a day , we developed something that hamburger frictal came up pretty close , and as you can see , it basically shapes like hackmeat . 
so let &apos;s take a step back from those cases and see how they can help us and see how they can help us improve the political discourse in the united states and in the world and bring it to a higher level . 
i &apos;m crying for reimagining violence because you can see sunglasses and these long mns , and of course , you could run up walls and do all these things that are impossible in the real world . 
it &apos;s probably 50 years when there &apos;s streptocoking and things like that in hell and feet , so there &apos;s no longer a role , because there &apos;s no longer a matter . but if we do -- we need something to do it against these bacteria . 
dan o &apos;brien jumped &apos; 96 in atlanta 55m . i mean , you have a comparison -- these are , you know , really well-educated athletes , without rating the word &quot; athlet . &quot; 
that means that all the organisms that live in the ocean are low-carbon than today are the reason they can &apos;t adapt to fast acidification that &apos;s happening at the moment . 
if you look at the protorial part of our brain center , it &apos;s a threat , it puts all the other flaw , put the prefrontal cortex lahm , which is for learning to decent parts , they &apos;re all being laid down . 
we need to get across this so that our little brothers and sisters and our children someday -- or today -- can look and influence that we have on each other &apos;s lives , value , more than money and power and influence . 
they have the situation where the relationship between the government and the social networking agencies is creating an effect where , in a sense , the power power power power power of these platforms is constrained by those relationships between companies and governments . 
we are blessed with a language , a system of communications , so powerful and so precise that we can show precision of what we &apos;ve learned to be accompanied in collective memory . 
and the number of people who live outside of the national categories increases virtually fast that we &apos;ve just come to 64 million in the last 12 years , and soon the population of the united states has moved . 
below that , we put a 22 square , and we just took a 3x3 square , under a 5x square , and then an 8x8 square , create a huge rectangle . right ? 
so if we figure out what cells they are , we might find new targets for drugs , or be decorated in front of them , or perhaps places where you could get electrodes to people who have very serious disabilities . 
similarly , it &apos;s with solar plants , especially here in california , we realize that for the 80 solar farms that are in construction , basically 260,000-acre of the southern california desert has to be flipped . 
now , this has a huge impact on the limits of science , computational and controllability of things like biological processes or savings , on intelligence in the universe , on issues of willingness and on creating technologies . 
i was walking through el dorado -- a prison city in venezuela , a famous prison , or perhaps more notorious -- and i don &apos;t know what was going on , because something didn &apos;t look like me . 
years after he took these drugs , i found that anything he did against the cess storage , including some positive side effects of other drugs , his stop . 
i just wanted to say a few things about this unusual story , maybe finding a general formula , as we could have on all levels of success stories for these diseases , as sam says , those 4,000 waiting for an answer . 
so if we have a robot that &apos;s surrounded by his neighbors -- let &apos;s look at robots i and j -- what we want from robots is that they &apos;re monitoring the distance between them while they &apos;re flying in the formation . 
whether someone believed and helped aid strangers was actually determined whether one person in iron was iron -- whether they were late for late or whether they wanted to speak about what they wanted to be wrong . 
our problem and our tragedy is that it &apos;s enough in these extremely partisan times that one side says , &quot; look , here &apos;s an asteroid . &quot; so the other side says , &quot; huh ? what ? 
he said , &quot; if a tribe had a large number of brave , sympathetic and true members who are always ready to help each other and defend each other , that tribe would be more successful and would beat the other . &quot; 
&quot; and the guy was so sorry that i took the lolli , and then you put an incredibly serious bee on it , and my parents looked at it and said , &quot; look at it . look at it . 
that means that it &apos;s no longer enough to say international relations or global issues or chaos in somalia or whatever happens to us in burma , and you can leave governments to deal with it . 
the problem with this is that in the entire landscape , these water laughter with the larvae , are dispersed everywhere , which makes it very difficult for a control agency to find all the gdp sites and treat insecticides . 
between my 14th and 17th year , i helped them collect runners , meat and whatever they were killing in the forest , poaching or hunting , and we brought it into the capital of the market . 
in fact , we use these six design lightlenses . the most important of them is probably the second one : we design &quot; with , not &quot; for &quot; -- so , if we make humanitarian design , it &apos;s not about designing customers anymore . 
and when buckelwhales regain the ability to sing that song , they obey other whales , and they change their singing on the basis of the song , or the birds that i mentioned , dolphins whistle . 
there are two villages , harris and morehead city , who have been working with a celebration for over 10 years every winter called tag-a giant , and the fishermen have been working with us to tag 800 to 900 fish . 
and i realized that i had thought that i had totally control over my life , but in fact , only three things could control : my thoughts , my mind -- the images that are generated by this thought -- and the actions that i was suffering from it . 
global perspective shows that up to 30 percent of all schoolchildren suffer from learning disabilities that can &apos;t help themselves , but with appropriate treatment , are made out and be treated to prevent the academic failure . 
in the spectacular projects that he &apos;s famous for , olafur eliasson creates art from a palette of space , distanz , color and light . this talk begins with an experiment with perception . 
and for the case that we can &apos;t do anything because , for example , it &apos;s too high on a cliff , we have a little laser system that &apos;s shooting on the rocks , a little bit damn and analyzed what &apos;s being added by the rocks . 
one that has pointed out a lot of culture critics is that we now have a much broader palette of design that we can choose than we &apos;ve ever had before , and that is to publish the fashion discoveries . 
okay , part of it starts in 1929 when the great astronomer edwin hubble realized that the distant galaxies were all moving away from us , and established that space expands itself , expands . 
genomics pioneer craig venter interrupts his epic expedition around the world to talk about the millions of genes that have been discovered in their quest to map the biodiversity of the ocean . 
nonetheless , if we want people to show themselves to the public , who are deep atheists , then we need to write something better on the flags than tooth fee- or teapot agnostic . 
and what &apos;s really freaking about this is that it &apos;s not only the attacks of access to their data , but when the scan is finished , it will prove to register the product to eradicate these unreal viruses . 
bao yongxiu : &quot; my mother tells me to come home and marry , but when i get married now , i can only marry a regular worker , so i don &apos;t have any eggs . &quot; 
but then we met a chinese entrepreneur who had seen our design and said , &quot; wow , this is the chinese sign for the word &quot; people . &quot; so you write people like &quot; people , &quot; like in &quot; volksrepublic china . &quot; 
it &apos;s not a new product or a new process , but a new way of organizing the work , and the most important management innovation in india , from the indian offshore industry , we call the model of global delivery . 
one of the hottest political themes in bhutan is the use of cheap indisc labor , that workers are introduced from india to build roads , and then people are sent back home once the streets are built . 
if we &apos;re so good at what we &apos;re doing , we shouldn &apos;t be able to create an architectural manifestation that is absolutely frightening by the future and projectual bottlenecks ? 
we just take seawater , we filter it , and collect different organisms in different filters , and then we bring their dna into our lab in rockville , where we can decode every 24 hours of millions of letters of their genetic code . 
come to the most remote part of the world , to antarctica , the highest , drust , crust , and coldest region of the earth -- more dry than the sahara and partly colder than mars . 
so if it were possible that tumor cells are going to skeletal muscle tissue , but once they &apos;re in contact with skeletal muscle tissue , myod appears to these tumor cells and turns them into skeletal muscle cells ? 
and then you have to do the first design of the character , which is similar to the structure of a piece , and then you add pen and pencil and all the other details you need -- this is the drawing . 
100 years after sir ernest shackleton wrote these words , i want to suck the flags of industry on the moon , and complete the last piece that open the border to space , and in our time and for all of us . 
this fires a massive change in the use of ownership -- or , like kevin kelly , the editor of wired , saying , &quot; where access is better than ownership . &quot; 
just on the edge , you know , the only red flag that &apos;s recorded here was a submersible of an unknown country that had put a red flag on basically the arctic to control the oil reserves . 
i &apos;m working with a young computer animation documentary called nick deamer , and this is a little demo he made for me , part of a larger project that could be interesting for some of you . 
it &apos;s probably the most coastal caption of the golden age of exploration , and it seemed to me at the greatest time , after all of what we &apos;ve discovered in the past century , from scorand to solar panels , that someone finds the task . 
i &apos;ve seen the impact of duke song on the urban youth -- a target that i can &apos;t hope to be a professor in mid-ages -- in terms of persuading them from the importance of the natural landscapes . 
and if we study these tribes of hunters and collectors , and the neanderthals , which were very similar to the first people , we find a strange thing in this world with no technology , and that &apos;s a kind of curve of their average age . 
and it got better and better , and within three or four months , i was released from this hospital , and i got a group of surgeons where i could work with people in the community , not in new haven , but pretty close to it . 
they need 20 interests and one of them , one of them is going to pack them down , one of them will unleash them , more than anything else , and then they may have found their greatest love compared to all the other things that interest them , and that &apos;s passion . 
i found it funny that it took so long to authenticate it because i could compare it to this one , and i can assure you -- it &apos;s real , it &apos;s made out of exactly the same shape as this one . 
amihotornot.com -- every day 250,000 people go to this site , which is run by two volunteers , and you see they &apos;re doing a big bang , they didn &apos;t get it that way , because they &apos;ve done a lot of advertising . 
and analysis shows that , if you want to count count on the most popular ted speakers , your hair should grow a little longer than average and pay attention to the fact that they wear their glasses and are slightly more elegant than the average ted speaker . 
there was a project that saved the dead sea by running a pipe , a pipe , being pursued , translated and underground dish that will help and create a relief from the gulf of aqaba into the dead sea . 
i can take a shock out of &quot; the crying game &quot; with the awe of a child named by a debt &quot; aids victim , &quot; not knowing that his father was giving it to my mother , and it &apos;s double . 
a bank in paris held contes of companies that he controlled and bought an art , and american banks that transmitted 73 million dollars to the united states some of the villa kiss in california . 
so one of the reasons why i came here today to talk about this -- in fact , egoistalizingly , is to liberate myself from this load and make it known that it was not an unprotected mind that all of these books wrote . 
so , in &quot; the blank slate , &quot; i argued that high-culture and criticism in the twenty-century , agilizingly not have punished the arts in general , beauty , clarity , insight and style of poetry . 
the problem is , if i &apos;m a doctor and i get her ct scan today , and they have a two-inch tumor in her liver , and they come back in three months , and now it &apos;s three centimeters , the drug has helped them or not ? 
but my whole work has been around for many years to see the idea that sustainability basically means looking at the model of globalized economic growth and advertarities , which comes to the end , and to the mties that come out at the other end . 
they &apos;ve gone out to do different tasks , and the rate that they come in with -- and out of the nest entrance , determines or leg the decision of every ant , whether it &apos;s to go out and do the job of doing it . 
and after two years of studying music , i decided to do the impossible thing before i went to recording and evaluate me at a medical college , like a good indian son to become the next dr. gupta . 
but in the meantime , you have to ask yourself , who do you want to sit next to you in a meeting , someone who was trained to actually go to the bottom , or someone who drags a 200 kilos heavy electroencephalogram through the door ? 
as many of the projects stay inside the artistic community , and i feel a responsibility in the united kingdom like ted and our relationship to obama and the white house , senator john kerry , to engage with these pictures also large kinds of impact on politics . 
what we see from the real world is not the inaccused truth , but a model of the world that controls and talks through the sensory impressions , but what it does is it helps to navigate in the real world . 
and market research , consumer research , boomers and gene y asked what they want to live , and tell us that there &apos;s a big demand -- and we see this already -- urban lifestyle within suburbs . 
and it wasn &apos;t until we sat down at dinner , i realized the scale of the danger that i had created , because these two titanes , these two gentlemen of the universe were known as mothra about the skyline tokyos with godzilla . 
we &apos;ve talked a lot about this , and i &apos;ve been thinking about giving an example of this , just one . madame de gaulle , the president &apos;s wife , famously , had been asked , &quot; what do you desire most ? &quot; 
they get their own children and they &apos;ve done a genetic miracle by secreting beautiful people , so their grandmothers look like gertrude stone , their daughters like halle berry -- i don &apos;t know how they got it . 
some women have such cardiac cases , but a large number of women have this kind of heart attack where it comes to erosion , not completely blocked by a small island , symptoms are interwined , ecg funds are different -- female patterns . 
as you can see in the pictures , noam and i have been very early on on on principles , and over the years , we &apos;ve been learning more about science and technology , these early principles have been honored for the foundations . 
if you look at all the interconnectedness that we have over these days about the healthiness system , about boni and help for the wall street , the gap between poor and rich , promoting minority and gender . 
their great-grandparents have come out with muscle power , and yet we believe that for our lifestyle , we need great energy , and with all the wonderful existing technologies , we can achieve bigger efficiency , like environmental protection , recycling and so on . 
this one , from &quot; life with visions &quot; -- &quot; the bible has to become the standard of my life , which shows me the direction , the advisor in which i hear about making wise decisions , and the scale after i rate everything . &quot; 
if you combine all these elements together , the viral trace of a great funny , a tending conclusion based on honesty and integrity , you create an effect in the real world that can change a debate . 
and it should be some commitment to the shots that will be copied to the grain , and the most important thing is that the operators pay for everything , and that includes the public sector . 
today , 18 years later , i &apos;m proud to say that in the last year we &apos;ve given two million people in 35 countries through our foundation , everything during the celebration days , thanksgiving , christmas -- in the different countries around the world . 
the entertainment media of the future that we &apos;re going to see will be very controlled by data , and they &apos;re going to be based on the information that we &apos;re going to get online from the communities with the same taste online , where the women are the real driving force . 
i also learned that you didn &apos;t open your sources because i was prsted after four weeks because one of the rich kids discovered who i bought my comics , and he didn &apos;t like it so much more . 
and this brings out another chain reaction that i would call &quot; furnace dumping &quot; -- it &apos;s very simple to explain : through a building that you don &apos;t have to heat with an oven , you can save a lot of money . 
so he led me from places like chile -- the atacama desert in chile -- to siberia , in underground mines , to the japanese alps , north america , to antarctica and even to the south pole . 
the key to all of this , the red thread , is to change the way we think about a situation where we &apos;re just moving to a dark future , where instead we are &#91; unclear &#93; our future , and we say , &quot; what are conditions on the planet ? 
when we just came out of dinner in the third night that you saw the pictures , the receptionist said to us , &quot; there &apos;s no free room on its floor , but five days deeper than one is free if you want to . &quot; 
it &apos;s because i take a second to my life every day , my whole life , and then i put together a second of my life chronologically into a single interconnected video , as long as i can &apos;t record it . 
in a world of suite offshots , and of time , we obviously like to ignore things . wer-guru seth godin explains why bad or bizarre ideas are more successful than boring when it comes to regain our attention . 
now , sylvia &apos;s ted prize wish was to tell us to do anything we can do , everything we can do , not just small treaties , but to bring in a global account for the oceans &apos; sales , &quot; hope spots , &quot; she calls them . 
but do we need to think that the same brilliance and creativity and adapability that first took us to the top of this energy mountain will somehow dissolve on mysterious ways in which we need to find a creative way back to the other side ? 
i just left a seminar when it started , and i was looking forward to me , fuming around my pocket , just like i &apos;d done it for hundreds of times when i suddenly heard a voice that was quietly noticed , &quot; she goes out of the room . &quot; 
jean vanier says that his work , like the work of other people -- his great , beloved , deceased friend of mother teresa -- has never been there to change the world ; she &apos;s precedented to change ourselves . 
if there are so many great things in tangible nearby -- in this room , it &apos;s very senient -- of all the things that are about to happen before so many problems can solve , i hope these things will spread in the world , and have a positive impact . 
we found that when plastic waste is suddenly on depony , it &apos;s hard to care about its similar density , and when it mixes with organic materials and construction floor , it &apos;s impossible to clean it out and make it realize . 
if you show him pictures of the real world , if you show other pictures of the real world , you can &apos;t see most objects , because the world is overfragmented for them , it &apos;s made of a collage , a flickwork of different colors and heroics . 
we live in an age where some of the greatest breakthroughs are not reached in labs or the halls of the academic world , but on laptops , desktop computers , in the palms of the people who just want to be helpful in search . 
we &apos;ve learned that our universe is not static , that space is expanding , expansion is going to accelerate , and perhaps there are other universes , through careful examination of cheap points of star light that comes to us from distant galaxies . 
it might be that before us , the social singularity is the one that we &apos;re most afraid of , a gathering of disasters , of environmental disorder , of weapons of mass destruction , of pandemics , of poverty . 
now we &apos;ve flown the cassini spacecraft several times over this moon , and we &apos;re closer and deeper into these streams , into the dense regions of these streams , so that now we could get some very precise , multiplied measurements . 
because she fell in love with walter raleigh , she forgot that she was queen , and then walter raleigh fell in love with her zoo , and she had to decide whether she was queen who was in war , or whether she was ... 
in &quot; upwake &quot; buildings wear trains , zero is stuck on a giant keyboard , cloned with a scanner , paralyzed and poisoning the computer powers , sailing from a piece of paper into the mourning landscape , and travels to space . 
you may know , if you followed attention to the science literature , that you can now take a skin cell and stimulate it , a liver cell , a hearts , kidney cell , or brain cell that could be used for each of us . 
biologist mark pagel : a fascinating theory to explain why people developed our complex language system . his opinion is part of a social technology that provided the early human tribes a new , powerful tool : cooperation . 
these are the people who make the difference on the side , and they &apos;re sort of semi-professional in what they do , that we equally expose the sprains for ourselves or higher than professional quality sprays . 
you can see , even though the united states is still the majority here -- even though you go to searches , just 30 percent of traffic . but it goes to japan , england and europe , and also in all the rest of the countries . 
so dad got his degree at harvard in 1946 , married my mom and bought a little house in lexington , massachusetts , where 1775 had the first shots against the british , even though we didn &apos;t really meet them until concord . 
so the fact that civil getters , even though everyone was killed , raping , raping , tortured civilization is too much , more visible today than a decade ago . a good news . 
what was surprising when we worked with economists to try and figure out the monkey data with economic procedures , basically matching them with what we saw in the right markets , not just qualitative , but also quantitative . 
the central innovation is that , instead of our employees , what the most relevant is we go out and count what they do , people out there on the net , for some reason -- proud , pleasure -- links linked together . we count and add that . 
you might think that &apos;s the result of a lab trial , but this is the result of worldwide , chaotic behavior -- countries accuse each other &apos;s product subsidization , stock deals , insolves , marketing programs . 
and the idea is that wolfram alpha is able to figure out what precise parts of code that can do what &apos;s been asked , and then examples of which then can be elected to make bigger and larger , more precise programs . 
the compost is then taken back completely to be deployed on the rooftops of the city , where we have agriculture , because what we &apos;ve done is we &apos;ve lifted the ground of the city to the height of the city -- to restore the original landscape on the rooftops of the buildings . 
he was like bobby kennedy , because you could never say if he was a realist who was an idealist or an idealist who consisted himself as a realist , as many of you would often ask about bobby kennedy and john kennedy . 
and it goes on to these big , thick , nasty dingers containing hundreds of carbon , containing thousands of hydrocarbons , and they contain vanadium and heavy metals and loud things on their sides . 
al jazeera got them information , showed them what was said in the name of their religion , deposited the osama bin laden and al qaeda , and gave them the information that allowed people to draw their own conclusions . 
if we didn &apos;t just look at political belief , but after election behavior , we could look at the nation geographically . we realized that in regions where people described a high value of disgust sensitivity , mccain got more voices . 
so what today , when we &apos;re faced with all the crises of the world , for us , is good for us at an individual level , and what makes more joy , gratitude and success in our lives , and for our personal walking trajectory , that &apos;s best for the entire world . 
the more robots are being engaged in our daily lives , the more we need to engage with what it means to be human . in this talk , ken goldberg shares four very human lessons he has learned through his work with robots . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; 
if you don &apos;t want to buy a queen , you can buy a three-hour package bees , it comes in a post , and people in the mail are always pretty concerned when they &apos;re , you know , when they get their three-band-packet bees . 
tiergirlfriend nellie mckay : a shining tribute to her dog and suggests that we all do the same thing as she goes , &quot; go down to the pond , look for a little dog , and make it proud , because that &apos;s what it matters . &quot; 
and when i applied to business school and was sure i couldn &apos;t do it , nobody i knew had done it , i went to my aunt for years of passing through her husband and from her marriage . 
now , these populations have generated tons of wonder that millions of lives saved , but the problem is that we treat healthcare as a average is not unique individuals , but ultimately the patient is not the same population that &apos;s looked at . this leads to guessing . 
the height of this is that if you &apos;ve done your tadpole successfully , and you &apos;ve seen the procedures in behavior and development , you &apos;ll go out and introduce your tadpole to your name , and the signs that you &apos;ve observed are discussing . 
okay , the good news about this is that the odds of flying through this keyhole and hitting us on his next round , one to a million standing , about very small chances , so i personally don &apos;t have any sleeping seeds in which i worry about it . 
you know , if you hear those voices , they gather all the little neurons , and in this little hole , you get a really toxic &quot; i want to kill myself &quot; chemical , and if you hear that over and over again , you may have caught depression . 
what of course meant that everybody in the family had to stand ready to go to the shark district , you know , you know , this weird blue note , fit to the turnsuit of polyester . you know , the same color as the buick . 
think about whether this is not the system represented by china , which is becoming more and more and more to the system in developing countries , because they &apos;re increasingly convinced that , through this system , their standard of life can be better at the best and the fastest . 
this allows you to step into performance using this topic as a link to science , because seti embraces different disciplines , of course biology and astronomy , but also geology , chemistry and other scientific disciplines , all under the front wall , &quot; we &apos;re looking for e.t. &quot; 
now , birds are pretty good programmed , most of them have already been in their dna , but they &apos;ve proposed to use mailaucrats to show the boys passenger pigeon , and how they find their old growers and feed places . 
the key is , even though you have just a few hours a month free , those two hours of high school school shoulder with a student , focusing attention that punishes light on your work , on your thoughts and your self-expression , which is completely transforming because so many of the students have never had it . 
children who were removed from fishing industry in ghana are brought back with their parents and then brought back to their village to rebuild their economic prosperity , so they &apos;re faced against scalsion . they &apos;re not enslavable . 
and he rushed home . after sabbath , he was making 12 laibe sandwiches that he got to the synagogue , and he went in , and he opened the shrine , and he said , &quot; god , i don &apos;t know why you want this bread , but here you have it . &quot; 
and this creates this beautiful glitzing thing , slowly rotating , it looks something like this . this is supposed to be closer to this beauty of the natural world , in a very creative way , so that anyone can colalize their intuition in terms of space and time . 
and once you have mobility , you can produce lots of motors , because you need more units , as opposed to steam vessels or large factories that are not necessary for so many units , so this was the engine guy from mass production , which didn &apos;t take all the other engines . 
so with the first picture , i &apos;m going to talk about the beginning of the universe , and what i call the cosmic tatoring , which is the consideration of the pencil process of creation to derive from how he played , and then the attempt to understand it . 
imagine a snowflag in your hand , and you look at it and it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , beautiful object , but when you heat it , it flows to a drop of water , and you can see that it was really just h2o , it was made of water . 
and when we teach listening to our schools , we can take away our listening from this very clever vessel to this dangerous , scary world that i &apos;m talking about , and bring it to a place where everybody knows the whole time -- or at least able to do it . 
it turns out that freedom -- the ability to make sense of its mind and change that -- is the friend of natural happiness , because it allows you to find all the mocked sugars of the future scenarios that you enjoy most . 
and he stayed there for 1.6 million years , until that very famous fossil hunters , kamoya kimeu , walked along a little slope , found this little piece of his skull on the surface , between the tiles and identified it as hominid . 
in the green areas , the yields of corn -- just as an example -- are very high , probably the highest one in the world to find for this climate and this soil , but the brown areas are showing regions that are only 20 or 30 percent of what they should get . 
but instead of doing it with irreductions , and moving them in a different direction , i &apos;d rather focus on frank , so playing with frank in your head , your little wax man , and your attention from your outer senses to the inner . 
in recent times , this power has been solved by jobs , and very , very quickly , we &apos;re going to see a significant percentage , if not the majority , of humanity running around with supercomputers , connected to speeds that are larger than what we now have in broadband . 
as an adult , when i was looking at the amazing insights of penny patterson and koko , sue savage-rumbaugh with kanzi and panbanisha , irene pepberg and alex , i loved that pagei . 
our communities , rural and urban , are using the operatives of infrastructure -- things like waste reproduction , energy needs , just like the social costs of unemployment , drp outrates , incarceration rates , and the consequences of health care . 
i &apos;m interested in how things work and what they are made of , but also because i think we should have a more fineral understanding of the parts that our world is made of , and we don &apos;t know just enough about what the high-tech materalities are made of the future . 
if i asked all of you to call me your coffee brand -- a coffee guy , a chew -- that makes you all happy , and then you ask to rate the coffee , the average value on a scale of zero to 60 . 
and the service workers , for the first time , have the ability to do things and show their work successful and show it in a very counter-structive way , and they experience and show the value of their work over five to six years , not just two or three , as usual today . 
when we started with the milky project , and i didn &apos;t know that i was going to work on a desk of a shadow , and then turning people into paintings , and would paint people in a milk pool . 
this is another version . it &apos;s a solid fish , and the reason the blue is a juvenile that hasn &apos;t swallowed the acid yet , not yet recorded the green album in his body to make it energy . 
as an inspiration , it serves me that we all want to interact with other people , and all of the complicated functions i &apos;m going to be released out of it , and i &apos;m going to undergo this sort of simplified object , and show the early stages of new insights that are happening in two brains while they &apos;re interacting simultaneously . 
while a global philanthropy industry is born , and this is what happens now , you should watch the aspirations , you have to jet these old requirements over the piles , so that philanthropy will be open and large and connected , in the long run . 
collaborative consumption has developed explosion -- web-based use of cars , apartments and skills . rachel botsman examines the systems of airbnb and taskrabbit : trust , and what it calls , &quot; trust capital capital . &quot; 
but we haven &apos;t gotten to the point where you &apos;d seen something in your morning &apos;s way here , which is really seamless the two-dimensional world , where we feel comfortable with the three-dimensional sky that connects us in which i don &apos;t know how it goes -- really , time to spend . 
so , to lead another metaphor , if you think of social networks as a kind of huge fabric of humanity -- i &apos;m connected to them and them , and beyond that , this tissue is actually like an old-fashioned american blanket , and it has flickers on it , happy and unhappy flicking . 
we were freaks -- hummer handbags , ladies , curiosities , who were juggling with depression and loneliness , who were trying to cheat at solitaire and flattening their own injuries and heal at night , but at night , as the others were sleeping , we kept on the rope . 
this is called steling . it &apos;s a temperature behavior that we &apos;re showing people across the street . we jump on a towel that belongs to someone -- &quot; sorry , your towel , i know . &quot; -- and then you flip on the next , so you don &apos;t burn your feet . 
a congolese woman told me how her children had to watch her father be killed , and how she was raped in front of her eyes , and how her children saw her nine-year-old siblings was killed in front of her eyes , how they managed to do it today . 
they had given me a lot of help when i was an academic song to study riders under alcohol influence , and i was painting good opportunities . and then when i spent half an hour talking about games , it was clear that they didn &apos;t feel like playing was serious . 
imagine a country that &apos;s rich in energy resources : oil and gas , sun , wind , is missing the most vital cement : water . infrastructural fahad al-attiya talks about the extraordinary ways of making little nasty state qatar secure its water supply . 
so there we were , a nuclear physicist , an internistin , right after carrie hruska , a biomedical engineer and two radiologists , trying to engage us with the established world of mammography , with a machine that was held together by tape . 
and then i come back to the beginning , and i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit more -- hopefully i &apos;m going to convince you that in today &apos;s world , it &apos;s really very important for leaders , not just to have an idea of what &apos;s important to your company , but also having a passion for something that is significant . 
and today we have the most likely aspect of all definitions , every case for me , and it means &quot; doodling &quot; officially bummers , drinks , waste time , make meaningless signs , do something low value , meaning or meaning -- my personal favorite -- nothing . 
and in this light , for religious people , compassion also brings us to mysteriums -- it encourages us to see not just beauty , but to look for god &apos;s face at suffering at the face of a foreign face of a bright religious andersstand . 
they were working on and through global products , and companies like microsoft , google , astraceneca , general electric , philips have already recognized that they &apos;re from their bangalore-and-hyderab-r &amp; amp ; d centers are able to produce products and services for the whole world . 
during the 20th century , we witnessed stalin &apos;s adhesiences , hitler , mao , pol pot , rwanda and other genocides , and although the 21st century is only seven years old , we have already witnessed witnesses in darfur and daily horrors in iraq . 
and the third thing is , let me show you a collection of texts that wrote 16-year-old girls , because i wanted to know how this language has changed since our time . in idealcase , i would send this back to you today , so we could study this linguistic miracle that &apos;s playing on us . 
he takes a song called &quot; blind willie mctell , &quot; named after the flower singer , and the song is a journey through the past , through a much more dark time , but a simpler time , in which musicians like willie mctell had a few illusions of what they did . 
and you start to understand that you can get sick , you can poison yourself . you have to balance your diet . once you look closely , and i &apos;ve got everything i did in the recording of information , the production of information , looking at information in terms of view of food . 
the water -- it &apos;s probably one of the most difficult problems that we &apos;re faced with in this century , and everywhere the water is being contaminated from agricultural , industrial and greenhouse dices that are still applied to the world , seemingly unable to learn from the previous experience . 
and in the slow phrase , &quot; adagio religioso , &quot; he had built the sounds of a song that he &apos;d heard outside his window , prosperously that this was his last spring , and he imagined a future for ditta that he didn &apos;t matter anymore . 
and this is not just a kind of short-term workforce to provide patients with basic food , it &apos;s the next generation of leaders for public health care , who have spent two , three years in clin-waiting rooms , and talked to patients about their most fundamental needs . 
so , if you give institutions obstacle , and they tell you that there are other coalition opportunities , they show a behavior that has similarity with the casual ross levels of reactions to the diagnosis of a bloody death : denial , negotiating , acceptance . 
but i think that research shows that the british enlightenment , or the scottish enlightenment with david hume , adam smith , had a better understanding of who we are -- that the reason is often weak , that our emotions are strong , and our emotions are often trusted . 
what dr. soljacic found was how to enable a bigger distance between these spules in a transformator than the size of the transformational authors , and all of this with this technology that allows you to skip a glass at the other end of a room is not similar . 
if we had evolved in a vacuum , we would expect that they would bounce on the ground at the same time , if we were bacteria , to be shrinking from the thermal movements of molecules around , that would be different , but we &apos;re also middle world leaders too large than we could feel the brownian movement . 
the x-ray technology has evolved when it comes to life-size imagery , and apart from these large laste scanners machines , not enough to provide an extensive quality of imagery and the resolution of what i &apos;d like to do with this , which is to show my pictures at a scale . 
interestingly , other neurological diseases , which are very different areas of the brain , also bundle false structured proteins , suggesting that the approach could be general , which could be not only for alzheimer &apos;s , but also for other neurologs . diseases . 
so if we can use the information that comes from this reflection reflection , we can start with a traditional facial barrier , which is the large constructions of the face and the basic shape , and decreases it through the thief information that pulls the entire structure and all the fits . 
it takes just a little bit of processing to convert this into a sort of digital fingerprint , and the amazing thing is , if you &apos;re a professional user , a newspaper -- the tools are almost identical to which we just used in this demonstration . 
so , imagine structures ready for this ? and you know , this is a personal relationship to the expression that &apos;s lacking in the technological circles , and so we needed dan to do a new design process , a new design process to explore its movements and to take a look at it . 
and these animals can make very likely use , not just from the power and the energy that &apos;s stored in this particular spring , but also the extreme properties of current mechanics . they could actually use the mechanics as a second force to break up the snails . 
&quot; the human voice : mysterious , spontaneous , origin . &quot; in this words , sopranist claron mcfadden asks us to examine the secrets of breathing and singing while it carries us the sophisticated &quot; arie &quot; of john cage . 
and the lord said , &apos; you &apos;ve given your best , but that &apos;s a success . &apos; &quot; this and similar was the basis of my definition of success , which is , seal peace , being dissolved by the use of knowing that you &apos;ve been worrying to afford the best possible . 
if we look at the many , many different animals , not only to us primates , but also other mammals , birds , even beaters like kangaroo and what bats do , it shows that there &apos;s a relationship between the length of childhood and the size of their brains versus their bodies , and how smart and flexible they are . 
in this case , instead of tagummi or doritos or whatever they have in their pockets , they &apos;re adding fish -- there &apos;s a water in iceland that i &apos;ve been busy with , which is in the middle of the city . the biggest pollutancy in it is not the street pollution , but more bread of people who feed fish and birds . 
so if wr wants to understand if a planet is habitable , whether it offers life-funded conditions , we don &apos;t just want to know how much light it is and how warm it is , but what all-weather it surrounds -- those energy rays , the uv- and x-rays that go from its star and make it into high-energy radiation . 
and i decided that the only means for this condition was a hardly accessible dream to pursue the first persuasive persuasive passion , something that would take me to my best aspect of my life at every minute , because the dream was so big that i couldn &apos;t achieve it without persuasion and conviction . 
it looks like a series of brainwaves and winds are creating a layer of shredding here , and the winds are different at the clouds layer . in the middle , between the winds , the aerodynamics are emerging . if the speed difference is right , the spikes of the clouds are surrounded and these beautiful , like fragile waves emerge vertebrae . 
i &apos;ve always felt like this rare people who are just devoting this and devoting their lives of humanity with the determination of warrior and the navy of mysticist . people like martin luther king jr , who wrote , &quot; i can never be what , as long as you are not , what you should be . 
and then we &apos;re going to get a little bit more serious , so we need to involve our cad / cams and engineers , or scientists that are familiar with the thermal properties that design , atmospherical interactions , parachutes and the same thing . they &apos;re working as a team , and they &apos;re developing a spacecraft to see if they required our demands . 
these drugs were brought to market . they were very often prescribed because heart attacks are very often occurring , and it took a long time to find that these drugs were also too sterile cases , and before we heard this warning signal , more than 100,000 people in america need to stop prescription drugs against heart muscle . 
i had basically developed a very hard explaining and complex philosophy that i &apos;m not going to go into , because it &apos;s a little too profound for all of you -- but it &apos;s about what websites are doing popular , you know , it &apos;s ... unscreen dance : like an idiot and shore , i haven &apos;t got time anymore . 
so , since we can make some interesting protocells that like us , with interesting colors and interesting behaviors , and make them light , and have interesting lifelike properties , these protocells may have something to tell us about the origin of life on earth , and perhaps they &apos;re posing a little bit of access , one of the first steps that life began on early earth has started . 
i like to give the hobbyhistorian , so i spent some time trying to figure out when the first time i was mentioned . the best , early quote i could find was david livingstone , who wrote in the 1850s as east africa was railroad , steam ship and telegraph was completely integrated in the rest of the world . 
it &apos;s used in terms of a report from 2007 from the national research council of the united states where you &apos;re trying to understand how we can search for life elsewhere in the universe , ok , especially if this life is very different from our planet . if we were to come to another planet and think there might be life , how could we recognize this life as solo ? 
again , others are pretty structurally instructive , for example , that have an impact in the social sector : collecting funds that are invested to keep youth of crime , or to help old people stay healthy and contain hospital recovery . the recovery is measuring the success of the projects that you invested in . 
i was five years old , and i never understood why nasa didn &apos;t hire captain kirk and spock for the job ; after all , they were very experienced -- but seeing as a child , my grandmother often told me that &quot; the impossible is just the possible to make no one has been trying to do enough . &quot; 
if we continue to go to the realm of the amazon , we can go to the bolivian edge of the amazon , here in 1975 , and if you look very closely , there &apos;s a little white line going through , like a risky , and there &apos;s a builder out there in the middle of the ancient jungle . 
venice is falling in italy . to save it , rachel armstrong says rachel , we need to think about the architecture that is made out of inactive materials , growing out and creating an architecture that builds itself . she proposes a non-full-life material that constantly repairs and makes carbon special . 
and yet , i want to show different ways of dealing with difficulty and getting right to the point , to find so much faster -- at least faster than arthur , so we &apos;re going to start cheat the common sense of human mind , the logic . everybody is supposed to be doing it . it &apos;s like , in the 90-degree angle . not so . 
we think that with an inflated flight , we can write textbooks about mars by taking high-resolution measurements of the atmosphere , looking for gas biogenic and volcanic origins , studying the magnetism on the surface that we don &apos;t understand , and also about a dozen other areas . 
it &apos;s the process that holds me a little bit about the constant concern in my life , and it &apos;s the sense of &quot; 80 percent done with the project &quot; you know you still have something to do , but it &apos;s not done , and you don &apos;t start with something -- that &apos;s really filled my whole life . 
just at the time when the internet became a pedagogist werkeug , i left wisconsin and went to kansas , the little city of kansas , where i got the ability to teach , in a dirty city , in kansas , where i was teaching my favorite subject policy . 
because if you poison yourself by sending the cheap , low-cost , price sales -- wal-mart -- and we &apos;ll send you all the money . then what we discover is we have what , when i was a student , we were calling you shared partial destruction . 
sam harris : yeah , well , i think i &apos;ve tried to address that in a sentence while i &apos;ve been watching time , but the question is , &quot; voluntarily , &quot; in which men have certain expectations , and you &apos;re going to be treated in a certain way , if you don &apos;t give you a constrain . 
so if we want to pursue something that spreads in a network , we would put sensors on the central side of the network , including nodes a , watching people who are right there in the middle of the network , and somehow get an early detection of what &apos;s going on in the network . 
under economic viewing points , the demand for any kind of art shoots through the ceiling , which is the price of the entrance in the opera , the number of books sold , the number of published books , the number of new albs , and so on can see . 
and what &apos;s even more important is because we &apos;re going to get away from oil and try to place broaders -- there are so many opportunities in this one big country , just like in many countries in africa -- what was worth considering is that there was a lot of this growth that came from the oil sector , but from other areas that had nothing to do with oil . 
even though you &apos;re looking for a drug that can stop aging , in old men like me , what you can do pretty well at the lab , if you were race to warn , is it to create human life with modified genes that would enable you to live much longer ? 
so the message is , whether you &apos;re interested in fundamental , deep exploration , or very interesting , bizarre , wonderful animals , or whether you want to build a search and clean robot that helps in a earthquake or save someone from a fire , or whether you &apos;re interested in medicine , we need to save the plans of nature . 
and what patient capital means is that , over the course of the last month , i understood , because the company was literally 10 days away from the evidence that her product was enough of the international standards that you needed to make coartem when she got into the worst texas crisis of her story . 
and i &apos;ve been working on this , and some others have worked on a hierarchy , how many people make like many steps , and how many interesting variables , and people are a lot more popular and older . they &apos;re mostly based on john nash , known as &quot; a beautiful mind , &quot; and it &apos;s called &quot; counter-intuitive analysis . &quot; 
and to me , that means , if you really want to rediscover the wonder , you have to look out out of your little , in fear the space of correctness and look at each other and look into the range and complexity and into the mysteries of the universe and be able to say , &quot; wow , i have no idea . 
but it makes the realization that is different in a way between the real world of people making things and the world of people thinking about things that includes intellectual challenge : we make things as simple as possible as possible , functionally as possible and so freely as possible ? 
and as soon as they were all there , such a whole stack of these sunens that you had in the old india , he put a kind of special effect that turned them into a gigantic planetary , the wonder of the universe . everybody looked in there , and they saw the total compromise of all life universes in all universes . 
luckily , the mother of invention is still necessary , and a large part of the design work that we &apos;re on the bridges on our plane was a result that we had to solve the unique problems that were connected to operate on the ground -- everything from a continuously variable distribution and a cooling system that allows us to use a machine at stop-goon , to a specially appropriate vehicle , which drives the propellers , or when you &apos;re flying the ground , or if you &apos;re on the aircraft , you &apos;re on the ground , you &apos;re going to be able to see the aircraft . 
and what i &apos;m trying to do with this is , unfortunately , the colors don &apos;t come out well -- that these little five-year-old time-year-olds that you &apos;re in , you &apos;re afraid to be interested in the last and the future generation -- parents , children -- things that you can change in the next few decades -- and they &apos;re moving in this five-year-old bubble , and if you look at the population of the vacations , if you look at the human population is twice as many times of birth of my age , more than the human population is coming from the age of the time of the human age of the age of the time of birth of the age of the age of the baby , and now you get more than my children to the age of birth . 
th : one of the reasons that makes it interesting and appropriate for me here at tedwomen is that -- well , at the appropriate dinner , it was best summarized as someone said , &quot; turn you to your desk and tell you , &apos; when the revolution starts , we support you . &apos; &apos; &quot; the truth , women are already supporting you in this topic for a long time . rael carson &apos;s &quot; with siltheo borns , &quot; our fake &apos;s future , &quot; to downtown the stone sky sky sky sky sky sky . &quot; 
we decided to do something differently , and we turned flavors that were very familiar with -- in this case , we take a carrot cake , put it in a mixer , and then we have a kind of carrot cub juice juice , and then it came into a balloon , frozen in liquid nitrogen , to make this hollow net out of carrot ice , and i sag it out , and it looks like it &apos;s a monterly helicopter web . 
the fuel , as i said , is candamics clothes with zircon-fuel fires , and in an accident like this reactor , fukushima and three mile island -- looking back at three mile island , we haven &apos;t discovered for a long time -- but these conversations to the fuel , if the water under high pressure , steam , in an oxidizing environment , they produce and the hydrogen exploded the ability to release the byproducts of burden . 
one of the ironies of this time is that we &apos;re discussing a system that we don &apos;t understand . we don &apos;t even know what oil is . we don &apos;t know where oil comes from . i mean , in fact , it &apos;s still a source of debate , what this black current is from matter and where it comes from . the best explanation and one of the best explanations on this subject is that these matter comes from this matter , and that those plants absorb it under millions of years , and the effects are these black rivers . 
i was introduced by inspector brian cantera at royal canadian mounted police to a hall in the east vancouvers , to see what kind of goods are commonly infected by the rcmp of jewelry who , of course , send them to the south states , where a vital market for british columbia bud is dominated , especially because it &apos;s called &quot; organic market , &quot; which is very good in california . 
i grew up in the pacific northwest , where many members of the church of jesu christ live in the last few days . i &apos;d worked with them together , and i &apos;d even worked with them , but their doctrine , i didn &apos;t know or i didn &apos;t know what they told people when they were on a mission , and apparently i was curious about it , and i said , &quot; oh , please , please come in . &quot; they really looked happy . i don &apos;t think that often happened to them . 
in the face of this , i &apos;d like to say a few words about advertising , and a little bit about my new project . this project is different than the previous one , but both promote exactly the same properties of self-learning , learning by learning , self-exploration and building communities . this project is engaging with math for all schooling , at high school . we &apos;re doing this on tablepcs , because we believe that maths should undermine everything else . 
i was walking across amsterdam , and i realized that the important thing in amsterdam was not in the design stores , but outside the road , and maybe it &apos;s a city that has been shrinked not from modernism , but has perceived its architecture and character in which bicycles are important in which people are moving and protecting themselves in the right of the pedestrians . 
they say the right thing , and whoever is elected , maybe the right thing is going to do , but i want to tell you , when i came back from kyoto with a big fortune feeling that we had a breakthrough there , and then confronted the united states senate , only one in 100 senators was willing to confirm that contract , and to ratify it , which tells the candidate what people say . 
and finally , i think , just like the worst sleeve trains in an inferno , to make sure that they don &apos;t catch fire when our child lands across the herd , including these stories of families who have overcome these extreme differences , reflect the universal experience of parent &apos;s disease , which is always on the fact that sometimes you look at your child and ask yourself , &quot; what planet do you get from ? &quot; 
mythos nr. 2 : orpheus , a fellow , a charmant near his , parylwe , great singer , loses his favorite , fought his way into the underworld -- the only person who has done it in the underworld -- blend the gods of the world , release his beauty under a condition ; he can &apos;t look them until they &apos;re out . 
this is a paper form . and what you &apos;re seeing here is a form in the hands of a nurse of the health ministry in indonesia that goes around in the rural area , on a very surely hot day in indonesia , and she &apos;s going to knock on thousands of doors , in a period of weeks or months , she &apos;s going to hit and ask , &quot; excuse me , we &apos;d like to ask you a few questions . 
finally , about the 16th century , a physicus whose name theophrastus bombastus auricularis of hohenheim , called paracelsus , was a name that probably a few people here know -- -- the good old paracelsus that he could predict the scale of the convulsions by using a vast amount of conception of camps to dissolve the convulsions . 
the times when a human being , a company , or a brand , could control over their call , are over -- online gossip and many denominations mean that if you &apos;re important , you &apos;re constantly in conversation about which you don &apos;t have control . tim leberys ys ys out three suggestions to accept this control loss and even put it on him -- and use it as a push to refer to your own values . 
the third point on my checklist is the relationships of friendly neighborhoods that can support a society , and if those friendly support falls , then that can contribute to the collapse of a society . the north men in greenland powered trade with the motherland , with norway , and this trade became less partly because of norweakness , partly because of the sea between greenland and for frozen . 
but it &apos;s different than cars that have been developed so fast and arranged , the school system is actually a legacy of the 19th century , from a bismarked model of german lecture that was picked up by english reformers , and often by religious missionaries in the united states as a means of social engagement , and then in japan and south korea , as they evolved . 
the tuna team on top has done the unthinkable : three teams tagged 1700 tuna , bluefin , yellowfish and white tuna , all at the same time -- with carefully investigated labor that we &apos;re driving out , freshfish , they &apos;re starting with brands , they &apos;re actually seeing sensors , and then releasing . 
the public loses their faith in democracy , says the british parliamentary rory stewart . new democracies in iraq and in afghanistan are laid through corrupt . at the same time , 84 percent of brits have broken politics . in this talk , stewart calls for reinbuilding democracy , recognizing why democracy is important -- not as a means of purpose , but ideal . 
and hopefully they &apos;re also for this idea that engineers and designers are using all these different climate parameters , so it will be possible to create really good and comfortable air conditions , to change our thermal perception so that we can feel ourselves in an outdomain , and we &apos;re doing it with the best passive design , but also using the energy source of the ground in katar , the sun . 
or -- or maybe -- in addition to the rules , we look at whether we can await with some really sophisticated incentives , even though the people we have to do with are not in our interest , it &apos;s in their interest to act in our interest -- the magical incentives that motivate people to do the right thing when they &apos;re in their own rnutz . 
so once the animal knows this : click , feed , click , fuck , click , food -- meaning that click means food -- we put it in a cage with a hole , and basically the animal learns to put its nose into the hole where the smell of the target has been placed . it makes five seconds -- five seconds for a long time for a rat . 
i think that pattern has the ability to eradicate some of the most evil powers in society , like bad manners in the restaurant , but seriously , what you see is how the aggressibility of the industrialized world has produced these -- huge masses of things -- monocultures , and i think that the preservation of cultural diversity is very important to us . 
and if you &apos;re afraid that anything like a guaranteed income is going to be eradicated to our success rates in germ , and somehow let &apos;s become voluntary , you could be interested in social mobility , one of the things that we &apos;re really proud of in the united states is now lower than in the northern european countries that have these very generous social security networks . 
this picture suggests that a radical change is produced in the way information is produced and used austauses . it &apos;s not a lot of capital intense , it doesn &apos;t need less money ; but the ownership of capital , which is how capitalization works , is radical . each of us , in this advanced economies , has something like this , or something like this , a computer . 
i don &apos;t know if you know this , but -- maybe it &apos;s different today , or you wanted to do something in particular -- but in many hospitals in the country , you could , according to a book of jessica benjamin , until recently , read about the children &apos;s little boys , &quot; i &apos;m a boy . &quot; and the hint told about the little girl , &quot; it &apos;s a girl . &quot; 
in october , we took two titles on the market -- &quot; rockett &apos;s new school , &quot; which is the first part of a series of products about a character called rockett , who begins her first school day , in which eighth grade , in a very new place , completely without history . it allows girls to play with questions like , &quot; how am i going to be when i &apos;m older ? &quot; 
and my favorite example of this was in the beginning of 1976 , recognized that the bacteria that convicted the legionaire disease had existed in natural waters , but it was the exact temperature in the heat , ventilation and climate systems that caused the right conditions for the maximum reproduction of legionella bazillus . 
if we could make the nonprofit donations of two percent by investing in growth , a level higher , three percent of gdp , that would be 150 billion dollars more revenue , and if that money could fly directly into health services and social services , because we put those investments in the foreground , that would mean a tripling of the donations in this sector . 
these people take their money and invest in an interesting thing , and i think that &apos;s much better than if you put it into a better cell phone or something -- but they invest in very &#91; unclear &#93; areas , and by doing so , we get these tools , and this will lead us to the next big thing and allow us to explore . and i think at some point , we &apos;ll be able to start colonies and prevent our extinctions . 
but i think that the united states and the european states , to keep their global impact , maybe have to think about how to operate in the short term , to be able to compete , and by doing so , you might have to focus more aggressive on economic successes to help create a middle class , and therefore the government can take responsibility and educate democracy that we really want . 
